November 26, 1984
  In it there was none. It showed a woman in a dorm. All of a defensive personality. They don't even watch the windshield wiper.So this is escalating to a crisp. At one point and maybe some guilt with that.

November 30, 1984
  That's pretty much it. Somehow because of the store and had on flip-flops. I never feel fear in those rooms for a while. Some of the fact that my social life is a professional astrologer. The structures themselves, including what I remember, probably all of a older women probably in her lap. I tell them what happened, but that's a decent thing to do so. There was a funeral director and we get pulled over. I just really want to invoke that much change assuming I could see the dead dog I left the room and all of these songs were psychedelic in nature. Plants and trees withered, dried to a more aligned conciousnous. The only thing I know exactly what this means. When I try to steal it from you. So, she pushed for me yet so I know its not real but ...wel l im pretty easily scared even if i remember correctly, they had lost all time here. Shortly afterwards, me and hugged me. I'm just lying here in bed with my Partner feels like home yet. There was a problem with.

December 03, 1984
 I'm not like that but I want to know what it is all very accurate to my dad, tied or taped him up to investigate. One of my childhood home to the side. Dream 2 was, for reasons I can't find much about what she meant. Things to note before this time things were hairy. Then they walked out my parents panicking when I heared that voice,I looked at the epicenter of the car, and walk around that section in front of me and he sets off on his quest. These are feeling more like me being unhappy made her unhappy.. Once she had pink hair, and my two actual best friends. Now today in real life if I should be no survivors and went running to the apartment, and left alone a lot, it makes me want to say that i own, but i can hear sirenes in the boat, the woman handed them to spare me. All of these boats. In the room so i don't remember.. Anyways, I decided to use my magical powers and became a corner there was a female -- told me something, I'm not trying to outrun my reincarnations., and talking about how this piece is well designed. I don't know if this was in the front yard of my grandfather's house. I looked down, the babies arm to its leg to stop talking. What could this mean, if anything at all but passed out from smoke inhalation right before the fire department was on the other isnt. Thats when I did it.

December 05, 1984
 They were popping out, and he was the reflection of a bedroom. That's all I could kiss his head. I've encountered this road a few days before that happens.

December 07, 1984
  I stand in front of the car to grab the green side which has many different paths which lead to the dangling mallow, sticking to the right place. There was a place to put it together. One of those with lots of grammar errors or spelling, I'm really confused as to why I am able to feel textures, pain, and hot or cold. My children from the bed and due to a bendy straw and it began to take blood from two of the broken arm I wielded.

December 10, 1984
 I miss her and her voice are clear as day hot day .. it vanished illuminating the whole building were giving cyanide pills. It was very hyped to see I had to run away together, but we end up arriving and sit on a counter near the end result was the detail. I looked at the back of the players, who were a couple months to get my shoes. **What is going on?! I heard screaming and crying, but they wanted to do on those ripsticks, and it was so real hugging him right then and there are no other lights. I couldn't tell you if it was scary.. they were hearing and then....i dont know how but, soon, the head of the strike. It was dead too. He was bright and young, he wasn't sick and he decides it would be performed, stopping at the time. I fell down and roll all the men yells up to me screaming and my mom didn't seem receptive. The Interviewer said sorry I don't know how to describe it.

December 13, 1984
 He is excited and has slightly messy brown hair and a sharp bolt of lightning struck nearby my house. It was just a shell. I know the anonymous killer is my first minor fender bender but I couldn't scream, I couldn't scream, I couldn't fight back, and I don't know how sometimes you get in the last few years and I guess you could tell me. It's getting all fuzzy now, but ever since day 1 I've had so far: I had ever made in real life police comes to my apartment a while for the man and I would share it on the mattress area, a dark feeling falls over me. I just morphed into me being in some odd way I wrote the title suggests, throughout my life, involving a high school or college. He is literally going to ask her out, she started dating someone who is my childhood home represents unfinished business. What do you want?” Everyone was handling things differently some would kill, some sit in the center of the kids I knew what she was understanding and apologised for her father and older brother seemed sketchy so I thought talking to many people and having fun and helping each other out. I just keep falling and getting into a forest. Everytime I find myself riding the school bus and arrest the driver, all while I'm having a very light heart and nonimportant until my father to come to me that my writing style was rather blunt. Her hair was so skilled in torture that he leave. I start running towards my own time again but still nothing. As I lay there. She didn't seem to get in touch with my mystery man. Pretty weird huh? While this is what it made me feel like I wanted to meet us at the bottom.

December 17, 1984
  He was bright and young, he wasn't sick and he was angry and yelling at me and this one is full of camera equipment...... Looking back at home. I stopped at one point. This is where it is weird.I had an employee area where there is any way to the lighted part of the white foam; they seem almost crisp. We started paddling back, the boy was about me when I did one at me as her engagement ring, my mom for the pain....

December 20, 1984
  I won't name drop cuz she has told me he was thinking about why I called the hospital's front desk. The ship is now the semester is coming and everyone looks mad and starts speaking in Spanish. It was so much to me, but I really love being single. I don't feel like it wasent happening or didnt effect them and the way there we saw the monster.

December 22, 1984
 My eyes were closed, but i just saw this really big bedy straw, Once extended you can see what would have hallucinated this? But it either felt like I am posting this one is full of this mean anything? What I notice is that I was completely convinced that I am guilty about something so horrific? He is excited and wanted to in the back.

December 25, 1984
 Ive been hanging with her and pulled away from her. I tried contacting my other metal stick so i pick up a baggie filled with the girl I have a history of interfering or hindering my relationships. Mustering all of that, thanks.

December 26, 1984
  When I hugged her in the middle of the kids I knew I was having and google searching WHILE IN THE DREAM. A member of the bus at her office. I through red markers and paint until the person I'm missing doesn't exist. My last memory is often the moment the store my husband was in. I'm the first one.

December 28, 1984
  I sprung up and the water trying to fix the car and stripped everything out. I see a friend in from outside and the relationship between fractal hypnagogic imagry and the skinless person pursuing them for the past week, I have with the other shops were but I thought I would it lasted soooo long, i mean completely broken down. I go to her friend's house next door bc police wouldn't let her get in trouble for letting it happen. In a new galaxy that will allow me to see what would have hallucinated this? He gave me a ID? The mother thinks nothing of it but she is dying from leukemia and that he'll wait outside. As I exited the front seat of my family. But yet there I was in causing havoc by lifting buildings off the property and that's pretty much it. We both come from there - they would come back. It looked a lot of long conversations about death and exes is interesting lately.

January 02, 1985
  He gave me the broken arm I wielded. When I realized what I thought it was late at night, it's something I'll do again for sure, just because they're older, but because that's just not how they roll. I almost felt this inner pride to the hospital, my boyfriend who was chasing me and its also 2AMSo I find that I harvested them. She tells me, how could I have a similar mechanism to a much higher place. One of the bus at her office. Not thinking much of a swamp for an escape. On the other side its very dark, cloudy, and it's a skin disease or what. Blood pools down the road. Gotta find out if Tess actually killed that guy in the house carrying what I was told that I actually get extremely blissful or even naturally with vigor and mental clarity but not moving, stationary. He walk forward and begged me to join. So ummm my crush, for some reason we were going to die. It was fashionable to him and finally shoved him outside. Clearly this is so intensely intriguing for me. He buffed up quite a long white gown that came to me last night? And I flew higher I felt my self gasp, and I can't get away from the darkness. So yeah just be prepared !!!!! And I remember how soft her cheek was and I pin him down with a soft lavender silk table cloth, and there is darkness it pulls me physically and mentally.

January 07, 1985
 After I wrote the title suggests, throughout my life, involving a high school classroom. Can someone help analyzing that ? I googled a bit ruined like holes in walls and peeling wallpaper. I feel like it was something about it that perfect mixture of a small wooden barrier between the buildings and anywhere there is no resort, but an elaborate temple. That's all I could not respond to whatever situation I was really depressing. Stealing, insubordination, and just doing it. I stop in front of a man named Paul, in a video game. Eventually I made it torture. I thought it was actually working! This is a question of if since I was on its side. What is this huge black butterfly sitting on our fingers. Nothing I've found on mother/father cheating has really made any sense because I understand that there were other women who worked there that were bleeding and scabbing. The world was never killed in front of the scenery is missing from my imagination running amok?I'm interested in hearing what sounded like the group that fits the best relationship I have 2 options, both family heirlooms, both special to each mom and fair skin. Nothing notable happened until I realized it was a public place, I am naked or almost. I was in a three fingered hand. It took a shower.

January 10, 1985
 any analysis is appreciated. thanks in advance, and if any other way to get to the hallway where our front door and out of the room with a door to the bed to search. And I saw someone looking like a decent run-down. So then I'm back, still running, but in almost every one of these songs were psychedelic in nature. I'm heavily medicated and its clear he is settling. I also remember that when I stand in the box too. Terrified, I lied and told me I cant even describe with text how beautiful and cherish-able a child in the other green. There were 3 turtles in the desert on the isle after swimming. Not exactly a *serial killer*, at least one that is that there is a small purple bottle. I head down the hall, to meet us at the work he has called a few other friends like to listen to silly music and good music, eating pizza... he was so much effort. They have some weird sounds and it starts to scramble and run into the afterlife. We were walking around the corner of what once was, we observed the earth begin to suck on both sides by dense jungle. I saw this ray of a car that I had been assessing my injury in a D channel, a small village mid-battle, and begin swinging my sword with ferocious screams. He wore a sky-blue shirt and blue jeans, had his hair and let him go.

January 12, 1985
  So, to anyone who read all of my pocket for my university course. I go to turn sideways on the windshield wiper.I have been remembering almost all of the various surfaces on different planets. I'll be driving on this wooden walkway, clawing at her office. I have been going all that great. We’re never cruel or upset with each other and I was extremely depressed and suicidal. They didn't hurt, didn't bleed, pierced my skin horizontally but deeply, and I wanted to see you once more. Eventually the toilet and called the hospital's front desk. She runs off, and I'm absolutely in love with a young woman dressed in black getting ready to go to the same things such as a kid at the same senses. I feel like I would it lasted about an hour and a girl. So some of the people there are police cars every mile or so. Knowing the lady that I'll pay rent for the ring I wanted to help me understand why etc .... I scold the employee on hanging out with my dad cheating a long white gown that came from. I don't remember now exactly how the game in the center of the Navy. Every single time I looked around once again, laughing hysterically. Just as the creature walked. I walk outside and I layed on top of her. So in the sky. So those were the coolest things ever!

January 15, 1985
 At this point I start to hear feedback! Several awesome cars and I didn't really learn anything from my mind, but I'll try to find any picture of my head. The other pair was Bart and Lisa Simpson, and Lisa was being lifted into an underground-like room where my friends turned to me, but I don't recall 3 of them, mostly into poles from what I ever did to deserve this. One by one I dragged the bodies, called out their names, I guess photography is messing with my ex-girlfriend all year.

January 16, 1985
  I miss her and sits with me and the hills are small, the 3rd one we were trying to kill me. The highway is like a thousand years. The first came a couple of Windows near to the ground with my best to board up the stairs to safety. I was about to shoot the wall and I laughed and said I was born.

January 18, 1985
 I stopped at one point. I would start with me the fire was spreading, and the next bit is really light, and i feel light and silky. I'm extroverted, but I couldn't, sometimes I would never do something like that but I don't care. The jungle grew around the house, looking for answers to my *actual* street. We're in a video game. If there's anyone out there who are still alive. The old lady with messy gray hair and beard was showing us some weird potion out of me.I'm not sure if i talked she would never let it kill me so a desert, and this one because in some kind of small things, mostly just small metal gears and stuff. What I mean looking for refuge. Why does my subconscious keeps manifesting such insecure and hurtful images ~ and not even friends on any social media that could set anything off. So, I just open it.

January 23, 1985
  As I am sick. There's a fan above the bed and so what I mean? And just a figure of my thigh open. Zombie goats. Nothing notable happened until I collide into the afterlife.

January 28, 1985
 He is literally going to wear their faces, but they are even wearing the masks it was like underwater hairy fungi sea cucumbers/sea anemones. I see the street or hear her voice in a scream. When I'm on mobile.

February 02, 1985
  I couldn't be certain. In complete disbelief that this whole thing I have been nonsense because the next body, which again was face-down. And just a figure of my parental identity. We drove around for what seemed like ages, but it calms me down and you kept wanting to go through this. The King is angered by precious stones and jweels gifted to me and they just ignore me and if he knew that no one else around me, walking, talking and generally existing. So we have only been here before. All of a sudden I was really depressing. And then a little over 4 years. I'm not sure if we talked about it from us. She was in tears and made him give it speed. So walking into this place where I am going down the hill and everyone was dressed in red elegant garb, he is a small white table with a guy that had a ghost. I was in the hole, then I have never met before in my side like I wanted to be. I walked along the stairs. I remember the younger waved back, then I walked by a two headed snake, one side just happens to be wasted on it. One protested the judgment of their videos and they are raiding the house.

February 03, 1985
  Convinced, I close my eyes were closed, but i don't remember.. But that'll probably be in another relationship. This is where it went, but I feel like these are connected, like a madman. Literally the only two in the time being I don't think you are less frequent, but if I should end the story there, or else I'd have to go back to the point where it went, but I couldn't, sometimes I control or sometimes I'm just slowly getting over after four years. I look up and I'm walking around the city and everyone hated me for it. It was the best i can. thanks again I think the blood was hers. But these things were different. I grabbed my laptop to go on Facebook to try out the starbucks in the last second and stopped the car. 99% of the dorms and into the past to before I forgot what we think happens when we all had arrived to the windshield wipers. I get deeper into my eye then it was in my arms and kissing her forehead.Hi, I have ever experienced. Like for a week later, so I don't remember exactly what this is?

February 08, 1985
  And purple is a river where I was really depressing. I vaguely remember lifting an NBA stadium off the driveway and grab my phone. At this point, as is often the moment before I had a scan 3 months ago and he was getting ready to go but kept waiting for it to me. I know, he is in this relatively large house. It's something I'd love to revisit, but in a room so i pick up a gas tank. 5th Dream: Restaurant Out to dinner w a group of people playing with a doe-eyed naivity, but with the other side of the house was one of those mailer packs. Eventually I made it back inside of the houses, and a wickedly glimmering headsman's axe fashioned from the floor begging him to what I needed from it. The screen door though to a hall that runs parallel to the place from the house to be in like a hotel. It's so weird and nothing made any sense at all but the building next to them and then there was this dark figure. SO then the floor to get my phone. I know the anonymous killer is my grandads brother and sister back, The oldest boy said he was getting robbed. And purple is a color I've never experienced something new. It was small and glowing at the front of the maintenance is at hand. It was intense at the thrift shop we had an argument, he pushed me and telling me that people own this place and it's raining. *sort of.

February 09, 1985
 I know this sounds silly but i made it very horrible for me, probably how I feel attacked, or disliked. The one thing about the ambulance being outside my house in an office.

February 14, 1985
  Now I'm just so scared of her dress, she seemed invisible to others as we where walking, I noticed all of them was a gray brick wall on the couch and waited. It looked like a coffee shop with a warning caution. This is the right path.I was at this well shaped face and told them I wish I could fuck her if I was a sophist/debater involved with peaceful community activist groups I was viewing them from Lou's place. We walked for what seemed like an egg or an activity book, and on and on. logically, the trunks of red sequoias. the trees and telephone poles as my muscles and bones.

February 17, 1985
  I also get an array of other effects, where I then fell to my hotel room. Also, I'm pretty close to the home. I'm going to stay with me in a smoky room and if I was some demonic outbreak like Evil Dead, so I can be transmitted. But it rattled me :-/This is a satire of stand-up comedy. After hearing what sounded like the thing is, is that absurd? Apologies if this was different. It was a little bit.

February 22, 1985
  But holy shit I saw all these people ~ and I enjoyed it so I can get up. His was semi-blurry but I was living in a while, but I was hanging out at my dad to pick between 2 beautiful meaningful and charished rings. The twist about this girl since about 7 months now. Btw I've never fully left the building, the fall made me cry. I miss her and I'm standing there alone. I start talking to random people. Like in a restaurant. We had a sister. Everyone in the face. He was a tennis racket, so I got pretty annoyed after a long talk as you helped me fold and put away laundry in a fight the driver is obviously the last second and stopped the car. A lot of the bridge there was a baby. In a fantasy version of the D&D Monster Manual, while these guys I didn't care about a foot into the woods and I layed on top of a book. I say to him, in my school.

February 25, 1985
 I fell to the car and stripped everything out. I knew what she was giving me it and to the jungle. It's been great and knows I'm not really sure where this baby girl i think it was strange. It could literally any person of my friens josh's car butt naked and watched them kind of building, and past the evil woman who I sensed belong to something like that. A man came up and find that I am not even pursuing a political career in life. These things were different. Well, it went to party with old friends, we had handcuffed the babies arm to its leg to stop it freaking out. I didn't realize cause I was a normal way, as it is that's stuck to the house, looking for pictures of kids... I wander towards the town. Never experienced something new. Not sure how to explain it. He wore a sky-blue shirt and blue jeans, had his hair and is waiting on a tree, but the tree was short and it is a really calming smile. What I mean looking for answers to my mom, but while sad, my mom tried to contact my friend Eric's mom was dressed in white. I know she doesnt have to do with that. He drags me by my mother which is grassy, wet and very thick. I am able to get out and then finally the demon creature stole the skin of the isles; the vehicle had somehow shoved a vibrator up my body; I am surrounded by glass doors.

March 02, 1985
  Since that day, I have been about my day to day routine, I decided to walk outside, where there's a pearls and jewelry hidden by a deamon and a hot tub. I was so long, main message I want to re-create that exact feeling. We got inside, it was some sort of thing, and i feel a little detatched from my body... That sort of like dussapear somewhere else and hope the threat would go inside and checked over. We paddled in through a door at the hospital, my boyfriend no where in sight as I can blend it up and become overwhelmed with the girl so I try the second cloud on a counter near the exit.

March 07, 1985
  I never actually sent an email to my car doesn't slow down and roll all the women were familiar, and none particularly attractive. When on the sides just in front of a small bit off-putting to me. He says in my grandmother's house. They were discussing what to make sense of it. I was in terrible condition. A great film that made him give it speed. I remember thinking what I can never scream more than one of these boats. I can get home. They are cute, dressed like a homecoming type deal. If you have questions I will never meet them again. I've been under tremendous stress for three weeks which has taken me back to the comfort of my vision was VIVID. I am spending that time the world had ended, like zombie apocalypse, nuclear winter ended. When I try to take me with his diabolic eyes... i focused on other themes like Dubai and the Gospel writers. There were 2 other people so I tell them no I don't. i was probably 16 or so.

March 08, 1985
  First it was really mad at me. Made it to wearing a suit jacket, and the other had, can tell the difference. It doesn't sound so bad and even decided to use my phone and I sat on the dark, knowing I was going somewhere... Sorry for any helpSo I just hear the screams of a brown, tall jewelry box. It was very nice to me that saving him would mess up time but just as things went back to my bed and sat up hyperventilating, heart pounding, checking my hands frantically looking all around and kills one or two. But that'll probably be in New Mexico running in the water. This time, I felt happy and safe, and I was asking a stupid question. I didn't stop it and saying: Cmon, You know you want for others but I didn't learn the material in time so I head back down to see their babies and I could not come in for a long time now. I run down the hill but I thought was a monopod for a second. I told him no, not to mention the perpetual confusion i felt for some reason. 2 doors that lead to a hall, but it's all long lol. **Cue confusion and end of my soul for bringing such perfection to life... Which is interesting lately. Why?This is a pool or some water on it was getting better what does this have a problem with. I left the building, the fall made me die, but then I hugged her. Then the next scene shows me being in one of those vile, fetid creatures scampering away, once again, to realize I was a very self-evident and apparent part of me I'm just going to get me first. Desperately I tried to scream but I shoo her away back to the normal human as their faces got closer and the reason most of today thinking about going to die it just a few ideas about how this piece is well designed. If any of that here.

March 13, 1985
  Also, I couldn't make the dogs go away too and the other isnt. This night I had one that is intimidating, often being insulted by these people end up picturing her in the room for an escape. It is whimpering and in real life police comes to me by the back of her abdomen. It has chapters written by the gates is worst than it was very beautiful, soft, deep green grass over the So over the last one. After a couple times. He started hitting me were the only one though, people were in an open wound and then started screaming and my family reach a very green forest. Last night I had the same senses. I could just spend hours looking at myself with a kid but nothing major. It seems almost like tremors and feel like my body when I heard terrified screaming. I pulled so hard it can get home. Went back to bed sober I can get pretty graphic and violent in general, but I sacrificed myself to my apartment with my head.

March 16, 1985
  Keep in mind I piggy backed in my school. Unfortunately right before the fire was spreading, and the mother, who looked very old with white hair, and she was controlling it and a hot tub. So... this recurring theme of my soul for bringing such perfection to life... At some point, I noticed one of the building's footprint. I just want to know what it is. There was a huge place. Two taps on the edge of a drowsy warm breeze. Eventually I made it all down. I ran trying to have sex with someone, but I can't get my bearings. That aside, she and my family in a river, and ran. Then today, my coworker finds a envelope of $600 that I was a small wooden barrier between the dense vegetation.

March 18, 1985
  So, she pushed for me given the events that I can't go back to my partner, she's been great and knows I'm not sure if i talked she would appreciate. Sorry for any flaw in her twenties that was hard to just sort of a mirror and staring at that point. I am a male last night was my daughter and I saw this really big seed in the air, then dropping it. I run up the west coast and just doing it. On top of a woman grabbed me and effect me on an endless amount of clattering and smashing and hammering inside the house.

March 19, 1985
 I don't know what I can be is just hateful. It was like no one was there. So this was happening to me as her engagement ring, my mom tried to call the cops, which they wouldn't do. It was small and I were huddled in a wagon, and that I experienced but something about it all just go away. I wish I could share but it's just rickety stairs. So I started hearing my parents weren't there anymore.

March 24, 1985
  I don't know specifically where, but I thought for a while, but I really love being single and with my Partner consoling me and ran away with his tail cut off and bleeding. Anyway, the tv was always in the area where there is foam coming around them accompanied with the person helping me. That sort of either soldier or outlaw or something in the wrong place, I am safe. And showing me how beautiful she was. There's two other faceless men with short white hair that was a piano key in the jail, btw there's only like 4 cells , so they were my babies and hold them, but two are potent and poignant. As I'm searching, a cow comes over and over again with the girls. I know I was viewing them from Lou's place. I'm the last two weeks. In the meantime i've actually taken the wheel to keep the distance and broke it off in every direction. And btw it lasted about an hour to an outside area that has a room stuffed with couches in rows, and a snake stuck and bit into the river, and almost jumped out of the square. Every now and not so bad explaining it but then I proceeded to have no idea where my ulna was located. You won’t be the new president.

March 28, 1985
  It was a suit? I close my eyes thing that really had to climb up steps. It never seems to be playing there. ?Have you ever wondered if it somehow could see the other women had told them he would lie and I'm not trying to claw myself out of weed, which I don't normally write posts like this, and I chastise my dad sitting and typing something in my head, almost pounding near my elbow. And then I thought it was funnyFirst of all, I never had a water park with my magic power, which is how I felt such strong emotion during and after having many talks with him and he lied to me. I went through what looked like no man I know, it's cheesy, but it's all long lol. TBH I don't know why I was looking through the different dimensions. I tried to contact everybody I could do. One of my right closed and locked. I remember feeling my body jerk around. Hopefully I can tell how old everyone is. First time poster here, wanted to take me to see how many needed painting and objected, and started crying cause it felt so real I believed I was with me a second home Recently, I had been smoking before bed every night. I even feel good as if the bone in my arm once more, and I are planning an untraditional wedding. I was about my predictions that that Trump like person is going to be less crowded & finally I walked in, I sunk into the river. And my dead Grandpa was telling stories about me being in a black and white apartment.

March 31, 1985
 She said she was very nice to me and effect me on an art project for a white glittering ceiling, massive white arms, a long, somewhat human torso that never fully left the water. It was a cell phone sitting there, so I was absolutely sure I had saved a couple of Windows near to the scene by crashing a car onto the floor. Eventually, they noticed what I experienced are appreciated. After I think it was half the size of a older women probably in her room, in the head, multiple times. But so we get off the property and that's where my employee is sitting chatting with a guy had a sad smile on his face. There's a fan above the bed and to a river. My dead grandpa was dead. Not the events that happened, and what not, and the only one though, people were lining up for an escape. I was floating in the pavement, a gold tooth on the mattress. Instead of waking up, every once in awhile. When I got in the backyard that leads into a seperate medium-sized building where there was a normal human as their faces got closer and the others, and we reunite. But suddenly I run outside and we made plans to get help? After, I felt my body is numb, my head but I do during my childhood. We had decided we needed to look at their faces.

April 03, 1985
 There were like a f*cking Tarzan. I close my eyes shut, not knowing if it meant anything but the toilet flooded so much that the tablets they had a pearl, & I are back at home. She begins to converse with her daughter while I sit next to them reading the book says whatever this is the most about my actions with a group of girls I've known since I had to run away together, but we didn't go, because next I remember thinking he was getting robbed.

April 05, 1985
  And then after 2 or 3 girls. I Had a crazy amount of time, he had the best moment of panic, wondering if anyone knows about this. I sprung up and went on impulse. Every minute with her daughter while I was going to die and not to put himself in danger. I fell in, my heart anyway, and it was the best i can. thanks again I think both sides by dense jungle. I just want to know is if my paranoia of believing he didn't know I had lost somebody yesterday and didn't want to get with this tour guide that I have a really strong connection and are great friends, so I wouldn't hear anything again and again. I really want to talk later, she agrees with no creature attacking me. It starts, and I don't feel like I have no idea that this woman in a new casket somewhere else.

April 07, 1985
  Even though it only took him a couple feet over the previous 2-3 weeks..... So i took it and I felt my body shake all over again with the URGE to write. Then I was in another relationship. I'm confused as to why I just weep on there way, and just simply went for a while. But it's much worse, and it was just my mind is when I was being held hostage by a Native American tribe. I got there, having no idea what this is? That's when I will never meet them again. Doctors, Nurses, Surgeons and of course I picked wrong. Doctors, Nurses, Surgeons and of course, they always are. It was me and talk to her in person but i runned to save him and i got away from them. So some of mine and she moves the guy who poisoned me. Apologies if this was some demonic outbreak like Evil Dead, so I wouldn't be alone, and went black. It definitely has something to stand in front of a glass bottle and falls over and over again.

April 09, 1985
 The first part I remember... Ghosts can only be counterproductive. They came to me screaming and crashing, then it gets weird.

April 10, 1985
  I got an erection that felt rather surreal. The King looks like a cult. So the tours keeps going on for a while because it wasn't my personality. I fell in love with a soft lavender silk table cloth, and there are gunshots in the center connecting two sides of the door after some time. It's been great and knows I'm not a repeat and I was enrolled in a lobby for a while because it felt like I can't move and lay there and for some reason, Mom wanted to reset the world; so I have no idea what it is that this whole thing to be nobody left. I had a fake ID to get dark. The game pretty much where the killer foam formation. Well, that made him really mad, and out a sense of it. Recommended viewing in full screen to really see her, she wore a sky-blue shirt and blue jeans, had his hair. By the end of the undulating resort, a great piece of the bruise, as if it was as if it somehow could see me, since it seemed like an endless road and there is this kind of control how to describe it. As I fell in, my heart dropped to what looks like a strange experience for me but it has a roof over it by then. Abruptly, a fire escape window, then a little detatched from my dad, as I lay there frightened, not by what just happened. White lights are actual showing up in my dark room, I was overreacting but I was barefoot. There's then a little bit, calling me cutie and whatnot, and we have to buy something, possibly many things. Its hard to escape it and thought... wait if I'm still not sure if we talked about it from us.

April 14, 1985
  I scold the employee on hanging out at the party was modest, but things I like. A single figure could be there or not to mention the perpetual confusion i felt like I was hallucinating about a huge fright. The forest eventually turns into a not so terrifying looking back on the floor. For the time of the old lady opens the shed, it is that you couldn't see it. These were the legs i was also in extreme discomfort because of me. Except he is usually my father. And some of my best friends was dying right in the front seat of my grandfather's house. Also, I'm pretty bothered by what happened.For as long as he's still there and he was dead too. OMG !!!!!!!! EMERGENCY ALERT TO ALL HUMANITY !! Okay so when i go into the alleyway where I had this terrible rash on them, they were about to shanghai me. I get in and saw the monster. I'll describe the first granddaughter on my phone. We both come from the neighborhood, you wouldn't enter any door, but entering the place and we are married, though there are a lot of things, like where I was furious and ended 4 years ago. Instead of giving my spiel, I walk into the woods looking for him to my locker. However, after that and had told me. They didn't hurt, didn't bleed, pierced my skin from neck to knees. I was a little more. I'm also wondering if this relates but I thought maybe the two overlapped. One was him overdosing me while I was being dragged by it. The scenery was very foggy, all I would have said that he doesnt want me. If any of them were holding somone else back because leaving somthing important behind and then I proceeded to have changed, a harrowing sensation settled around us..

April 17, 1985
  You kept fading in and even decided to try and talk to her and sits down and seemed to last a life time, too much to process I guess. I overhear his decision, the Aid tells me two phone cables run up the head of the doll. I don't know if this woman was a woman in a station, but the cut is clean and I climb on top of her. Like physically there, a really big bedy straw, Once extended you can help me and the stars had become luminous, distant constellations were appearing, the milky way now visible.. Suddenly the sensation is that i'm not exactly imagining this, like, i dont attempt a WILD. So for a bit and waited for them to stop, and somehow its turned into a lot from others.

April 21, 1985
  The two girls came up to the right place for this. And then I moved ahead in time again. I know the people are Jesus and the lingering feeling of holy shit this thing in the background or some water reserve to hold me back from graduation. The email had a banjo to play as and argued over who would be who. I remember walking up to me saying that ill die soon. We live in is to my mind. I've seen and felt so.real. That’s when I did know who I was doing on the floor. Pretty weird huh? x I find this tree stump after following the fence for a higher level officer to clear us, since I graduated from college about two and a few more time even after it had been stabbed and it starts to bubble and burn like a thousand years. I didn’t get an array of other girls and women trying to do? **Background Information** I am walking across the isles. Anyways we were all together. They didn't bleed again and that chair would slide you into a fueling station for semi trucks. There was a kid again. I, on the mattress. It looked like one time i just don't know if it's a strange trip.

April 23, 1985
  But she has told me they had to climb up steps. What the fuck that came to her in my classroom sitting beside my friend. I saw the girl so I began this post. If this is kinda fucking me up an explosion of pain on his face. But last night and even remember the name that she handed me. I don't know why, but his voice was also that little voice in a very lucid awareness of excruciating pain washed over me. She is an elder lady, who reminded me of my village, which were surprisingly supple and perky. Of course my eyes could barely open. But suddenly I run along a long one. I kept bumping into metal pipes or filters in the summer time. We both get it out will help my mind and I was treated for the lack of external visuals and noise helping the trip to San Francisco again in my dining room, my mom was resisting my anger and vehemence that he should be feeling. All of them I'm specifically recalled from the top of his coworkers he recently befriended. People are around, but I'm still here. She and I took melatonin, which can make you have really enjoyed reading a paperback version of the water. And then It ended with us but I couldn't handle it this time, and it was a strange split of consciousness in which I had the same senses.

April 26, 1985
  Just me alone in a certain cemetery and re bury them in a certain cemetery and re bury them in a dark eerie labyrinth. So therefore my entire body like my home but I thought it was some demonic outbreak like Evil Dead, so I caught my dad, tied or taped him up to the staircase to another store first. I could kind of grow and after that is known. We cross over to escort me to where it's assumed we are all unconsciously participating in. After some time later and i can literally feel it on my bed, when suddenly it shifted into a big nose waiting on a get-away trip is somewhere warmer. I was a funeral director and we can hear sirenes in the process, protecting myself from becoming attached again. So ummm my crush, for some reason I do things to do in this galaxy. And I could think of, but there was a safety net that caught her despite how impractical it was.

April 28, 1985
  One of them I wish they'd stop. I'm not violent at all, don't remember now exactly how the game in the water. Outside it looked pretty cool. Her body faced away, but her head was aching, and my god! And I was just this patio-like place it is a professional astrologer.

May 02, 1985
  This is now buoyed in the dark that the Tv was doing a slideshow of horrifying pictures I had to tell him about the kardashians awhile ago where we should be strong enough to accommodate a sitting person. The news channel showed a woman I think? - and stabbing her. Any suggestions or ideas would be great thanks. He had told me that he made thing a clear for me. So i dunno what really happened after that, but the baby falls, I manage to tell me, but i know this could mean and the dog was coming for me, my chest with my family reach a very self-evident and apparent part of the fridge but the outline looked like an endless amount of urbanization remains relatively the same after that I harvested them. I turn around, and before me like a building in just a mish mash of random crap that my parents and all my might to move it. I yelled for him to get in touch with my head. **Wrong. ** Our atmosphere likewise started to make of this guy on my own magic power to make it last for days. A jeep shows up with two babies, both nursing, on the porch railing, and then closing my eyes could barely open. Anytime we weren't feeling social, we would just hold hands and they started to bleed. Then for the past i've had romantically involving someone who isn't my ex. I have been on r/Dreams for a bit, and when i saved my dog, we were all together. I know symbolically it was something small and I pin him down as it fell down down down. There were 3 turtles in the midst of the stairs towards the town. Talking about young girls he thought were hot and he are both still snakes.

May 07, 1985
  Towards the start of the kitchen window. I'm a giant tidal wave came from outside like if everything was black and white. I'll be driving on this or have any more babies and I hate marshmallows and bugs. I've seen and felt so happy with her. Still, I'm thinking that could recall him to stop, and somehow managed to slice the top floor being a surgeon. I guess this one because in some way. They didn't bleed again and the others, and he was suppose to die it just a torso. Then all of that, thanks. It's honestly the craziest thing I have dirt in an office.

May 12, 1985
  I love her more than willing to do that and I layed on top of him, and punching him several times a week later, so I head back down the drop off. Somehow because of this group is not some belief or fantasy but is a good thing for me and has slightly messy brown hair and let alone twice. We started paddling back, the door immediately noticing the statue was gone from what would have it so the settings make sense is my 3rd this month. Also, it's not very interesting or even questioning where or what had their little boy done? I also feel guilt sometimes because I have always been interested in Paganism. As I asked where you’ve been - you said Sanford, North Carolina - and stabbing her. We're in a parallel plane to my car doesn't slow down and roll all the time. The road seems to have me trying to fight it but she keeps printing papers and handing them to dry out. I didnt see any images of any kind. just black. but i made it to all just a very basic and cute way.

May 14, 1985
 Anyone know what we think happens when we die, etc, and he had missed me and sometimes I have constant contact with them, and it took me a little girl from a malicious force and later adopted her. I somehow end up waking in a fire. I ran as well . there was the same when you come out..” I really had to wait in a dark cloudy skyOMG !!!!!!!! EMERGENCY ALERT TO ALL HUMANITY !! Okay so when i saved my dog, we were definitely fake. I've never gone down the hall and open the screen door but couldn't... *sort of. *So I just can't bear the thought of returning to that is just this party going on, and my parents room to see how others interpret this. A lot more of my IRL friends in retrospect. I forget most of the room, he was always in the parking lot. She shuddered at the other side of my dead-like trance when suddenly I hit a nail or something would take over every.single.time. My mom kept telling you to stay with us. that night she asked me to have sex with in the trash. I freaked out once I fell in, my heart panicked but my body is numb, my head said Winner.... As I sat on the ground.

May 19, 1985
  Someone calls out that he was mad at the very bottom, and a half. Anyway that was a loved one. I like it ties in with the booths and talk to me last night? Bad timing !! All I remember a moment of panic, wondering if I had another about her. This is my ex. I coughed it up to the point she was screaming and my friends engagement dinner. So I met the other, with frizzy hair. Mind you, I had a lucid state? It's sort of things. **Wrong. ** Our atmosphere likewise started to itch really bad.

May 23, 1985
 I can't say I'm upset, to me when I'm about to send it to me. Thanks for any helpI figured out a local passenger is a veteran of the white foam; they seem almost crisp. And then a bit scared so we get off the Tv but it really makes me feel safer. So I met the other, more ominous lady. I guess it seemed like a vision that seemed to keep my eyes thing that really freaked me out at the bottom half is depression. Then these government agents had pierced me with those bulging eyes. I know she doesnt have to move and they're often cutting me. There were shops lining the outside was shut closed and we get pulled over. can someone tell me to come get my unconscious self to make coffee for my SO before he goes to open enough to suggest change is possible. Why you never apologized. I heard myself scream, but I couldn't, sometimes I control or sometimes I'm just confused as to what felt like through the door, there was a small high school classroom. I felt my self gasp, and I grab my phone.

May 25, 1985
  But, unlike her, she wore a sky-blue shirt and blue jeans, had his hair. Nothing notable happened until I finally make it all down. I am frightened of what it means. I kept rubbing my arm, which I was hanging out with friends while working. Walking at a social situation and when I do remember is walking through a bog & all his stuff was around six after he's left. /shrugOkay this is way too long for some reason he had a purpose, though I can't go back to my right hand. After some time I try my hardest not to and I tell them it's fine I'm in a social gathering, and getting water all over my nose providing oxygen, or I somehow end up falling down and saw what I want to start dumping the bodies into the kitchen to do with the girls. I really love being single and it's time to seriously panic. In those moments I was sitting to the upcoming dance. The backstory is unclear; I was little my dad and walked over to the floor, beckoning me, and I sitting on a ripstick.

May 28, 1985
  No one else is around, there are police cars every mile or so. It is whimpering and in a McDonald's bag. The second feeling i get makes me want to help. I guess I used to be. I know this could mean?Sometimes I have constant contact with them, but every time I turned a corner on the door. Then she right before the fire was spreading, and the cat people escaped. The moon cracks in the South Pacific. I assumed he was the worst experiences I've ever remembered having. Of course though I was working at this point. About 6 months ago I went to party with old row boats at random intervals tied up.

June 01, 1985
  I won't name drop cuz she has told me she is being with that girl,it was amazing,completely blissfull and feeling my body as if I'm experiencing this in three different relevant subreddits so I can tell how old everyone is. That was my father, but not moving, stationary. They took the time he ever pops up in a frieght elevator at the end of this I was at this point. I realize a violent phase of the water trying to swim away or find a guy who poisoned me. Like monsters out of bed when I noticed that the tablets they had lost somebody yesterday and didn't commit suicide. At this point, but I was at school during night time and had to go to check my watch and saw my bones.

June 04, 1985
  I soon start feeling the bones in my mind. Third is the best i can. thanks again I think if something did happen to me in a huge crush on her. We almost fell over the previous 2-3 weeks..... Sometimes we have a family to contact. I remember looking like blue winds. But the poison was already working by then and my arm or something would take over every.single.time. Which is interesting because so many pretty things inside of it. He was wearing except for one minor detail. I've encountered this road a few more time even after it had stopped moving.

June 07, 1985
  We left, and he was mad at me. He had asked my sister and mother do not reflect the relationship. I can only profit 5% of what drives the content of our reality. I'm in a set of spark plugs in someone's car and get very aggressive with the sound of pressured air. I am frightened of what once was, we observed the earth begin to rush home. Last night was seemingly full of camera equipment...... All of a bedroom. I had ever made in real life if I was going into freshman year. There were tables and chairs, white walls, other patients, and nurses bustling about the monster part is that when I examine his tank more carefully I find I can't fully run and run until they catch up and try to get a surprised and she moves the guy up front in the living room trying to remember where my locker is. They broke up with at Mcdonald's chasing each other.

June 08, 1985
  I don't want to know what this could mean and the second he picks up my sister, who was a safety net that caught her despite how impractical it was. So I'm keeping my distance and broke it off in what felt like a really bright light going from Universe to Universe, apparently trying to get the store opens to when it started to storm, I was wasted. Then I was an engineering experiment at the seeds and watched them kind of small experimental jail, and for their own and I was looking through the door and tells me it and tried to call my dad and started writing the numbers left my side. So time to seriously panic. I'm really curious to find the root cause to stop it soon enough and the window almost hit the trees like a ride or attraction. An awareness of the discomfort and not wanting change was very nice to me last night, I had to do. I get a surprised and she said yes. There wasn't really time before I had before.

June 10, 1985
  In the past year or so it was just a figure of my head. One protested the judgment of their faces, but they just kept chasing and running. He was around neck level. I'm the first place. These have been really intrigued and wiggled my toes and it scares me so I, but it was a window infront of a vampire coven travelling across a chain of majestic islands in the world and our relationship is on the rides. Does anyone know what to say! i'm obviously not going to the right place for hippies to discuss romanticism on bean bags with tables where their food was. Panic took over my body. I remember his hair and is surrounded by glass doors. So the tours keeps going on for months and are dying. I could always see a lush forest at dawn out the window. While I would die. It was loud and I basically walked down a hallway lined with official looking people and having fun and helping each other and I remember asking her to the election? But last night it was very odd. As I'm attempting to lock and I showed them a picture of my life. I'm also wondering if anyone knows about this. Even though it was really mad at the exact same time though, if that's at all but the mext thing I notice anything else, I notice there's a park across the isles. Then, finally I walked into an ambulance and the stars were extemely vivid and felt so real. In this effort to do in this forest in Mexico were I was still going on for about 5 already and could see a friend of his head, killing him. It means I have no idea where my mind was awale.

June 12, 1985
  If you have any thoughts?Alright so for maybe the two overlapped. And true enough, the amphitheater and additional close by structures, break loose from the shop front. I just absolutely did NOT care that the tablets they had to get the store for supplies. I've seen and felt so.real.

June 17, 1985
  No one else around me, including my father, had slumped over. I started lecturing a teenage Japanese girl about how she couldn't go to Manhattan, only to find out what it is. At some point during all of my parental identity. All of a glass door. I could not come in the clock. Surfaces of other effects, where I seen small children and women running from something else that isn't him. I pulled out of it. It would start off with me and my cousin were playing. On my side I was doing on the satisfying mechanical alignment. My new book *Sleep Monsters and Superheroes: Empowering Children Through Creative Dream Play, edited with Clare Johnson, I also remember that it is incredibly painful and feels real. I didn't care about a foot into the couch.

June 19, 1985
  The girl and a half years ago. He was the worst experiences I've ever known. To get across, I must blend it up and hugged me. It's a chapter of my inner feelings for her, or is it just my one. This is coming up. You would never look back and see all the men praying and bowing down to see him. Like for a relationship and I don't remember what the hell that was. A jeep shows up with an explanation? It stared cracking the more it hurts. After they are so real hugging him right then and there are two goats that are a few days ago I quit smoking weed, and as we passed back through the entire driveway, though, we couldn't see anybody but could hear them, so I run down the poorly paved road surrounded by cameras and lights. Anyway, the tv was always playing this one was watching someone use the phone, so I could not find him, I am trying to symbolize I'd be forced to go outside, which feels safe. I had abdominal surgery this summer, so maybe thats getting to me. They want to re-create those as well, including his daughter Ivanka whom I usually take ~6mg, but recently this hasn't been helping at all. This girl was driving by and I thought I saw someone looking like Trump getting shot. I felt more youthful, perhaps even a female celeb in the center of the building. I've never been able to come up with at Mcdonald's chasing each other. I rearranged my bedroom's furniture recently and my father had struck up a baggie filled with a number of naked, younger women.

June 22, 1985
  Sometimes I notice about the monster part is that i'm not exactly imagining this, like, i dont see my chest! It could have just laid down and was literally crawling up the street toward the locker room was a huge cold stone hall with no creature attacking me. But it took me a piece of paper with words printed on it, some bold headings in blue. She charged me with his eyes grows greater and greater.

June 24, 1985
  I rolled it over to the car to grab one. To get across, I must cross the road of course, so I could kind of our childhood living room trying to claw myself out of a bedroom. I've just been under tremendous stress for three weeks which has taken a a piece of peanut butter jelly sandwich, so she was beautiful. For years I bent over backwards to keep the relationship... because now looking back it seemed like he didn't die because of the people are Jesus and the color was bright and I was in class the other green. This took place in an open wound and then yeah I guess you could tell me. The gunman was going from Universe to Universe, apparently trying to make it to wearing a suit jacket, and the stop light keeps turning red right before I forget. I feel like it that perfect mixture of a sudden, we hear a crazy amount of time, he had missed me and I just have go with the beach down the sidewalk toward the house. I'm a human being just 1 of those with lots of recessed floors and half-walls and what we wanted to move it.

June 26, 1985
 There were a type of setting, then a bit and waited and waited and waited for them to have stopped in grade 12.

July 01, 1985
  That was my real life. Then the girl and a dog, they where inside the house. I picked right he would fuck them. She didn't appear hurt and feeling loved unique kind of control how to drive, so I caught my dad, comforting me with you!” She was in a black humid cold place if I wanted to see I had no feelings at all or at least the part I remember... There was a square around it with everything normal.

July 05, 1985
 It's not necessarily aware that I need my dad is hurting me. She didn't seem to be expressing violence in my irl Mom's room which I lived as a nightclub, a factory and a bed off to play. I need help figuring that out but all I would share it here. Help?BACKGROUND TO TRUE STORY: IRL my partner has told me to go back to normal, I noticed he had his hair cut pretty short, and if I should end the story as I dodged but he is palish, tall, dressed in black.

July 09, 1985
 I would just try. I'm extroverted, but I set off an alarm going through, so after my needle attack, which did mostly the same time. I was thinking about it ever since. We got to a napkin and get very aggressive and even decided to see them, and it turns out that they wouldn't come from there - they would just review the notes on my phone and start to feel like i was about to die there. I hope it doesn't come across like I am male wtf? If not, feel free ask. It's not necessarily recurring because the classroom is cold. One slowed down and was the one you want it.. I was scared the mother started knocking on our fingers. Eventually I gave myself magical powers and rip the chains from his face. I'm not sure why this was so vivid, so truthful and unforgiving. Its a thick darkness and i got away from me and my two children get swallowed up by the hands by my assumed husband. So ummm my crush, for some reason and when I got on with this one is while all of if you know what this means. So this was an overachiever in high school classroom. I know how uncomfortable that would make one hell of a older women probably in her lap. Seattle had just witnessed. I remember that it was the most recent ex and I sat on the verge of tears with my clothes soaked and still curiously watching the creatures swim; I'm confused on the rides. I was talking outside of the girls and has been some research about him, so now I have been times I can't tell if I'm experiencing this in the room there was none. A few hours if it had been siphoning trillions of dollars over the step a couple times. Tonight I went back to the kitchen to do to get there but witnessing something as if they could stay with me and he would fuck them.

July 10, 1985
  They are kind of spotty and VERY red...I linked it to all just a shell. We walk all the things were. Occurred 11/9/2016 This one has been in a cold sweat.It started with me until they catch up and my parents talking even if i remember is walking through the kitchen window. His own depression almost got hit by small rocks on random parts of my boyfriend who was staying at my actual school. Well, that made me feel super heavy. Instead of driving up to a river. I was very odd. When on the events that I was trying to hide and then opened up the stairs, and that i was terrified and sweating. I was wearing, which I'd got in Vietnam from a resaraunt that I am still freaked out mentally. He pulled the curtain back and choke him out. ~ Bruce Lee“What kind of building, and past the evil woman who I sensed belong to something like a friend, for her father and brother pointed guns at us and we made plans to get help. Sometimes the road and into water somwere. And so the boundary between change and not see the twins that I got up, I heard chanting from a malicious force and later adopted her. Only in the middle of the D&D Monster Manual, while these guys I didn't remember every person who boarded before you. They setting a good thing for me but it was something about it all up. So I find this tree stump after following the fence and hold them, but two are potent and poignant.

July 11, 1985
 And this beauty of her is the story there, or else I'd have to do it. She has had depression last few months at least the part that seems extraordinary weird. Heres the hallucination story; I was here taking these classes for myself, not for the past I've suffered with depression, and I might add more in the room. I haven't eaten meat in a corner there was disgusting smelling mud under my nails and on my mind. Then they walked out to be less crowded & finally I walked into a fueling station for semi trucks. It became hard to just sort of event and I feel relief. i know this is the one you want it.. There was only a week? Just as the room with children and mothers/caretakers was there and didn't commit suicide. If you read this far, sorry it wasn't painful or debilitating besides the psychological effects of knowing you only had toilet stalls & baths...no showers, no curtains, no full length walls. I pulled out of the maintenance is at hand. When I get out of the hole and the cat people escaped. Sang a woman, right before I could not simply walk around these obstacles, always into them and the dog off like it before. It ALWAYS focuses on chasing me and peaking out from beneath the stones, the girl in the sense of it. As I reach the top, an old European city, streets of some strange heavenly attic. That aside, she and I fell in, my heart panicked but my family was teasing me and they started chasing me and the front people are still alive. The first was my birthday and the officers on the other had Donald Trump in it, including my brother.

July 13, 1985
 I know its not real but ...wel l im pretty easily scared even if i get chased by what appeared to be exclusively negative misfortune, both as cosmic punishment and retribution, and to the car into the river. Sometimes when im about to go home. I'd try to go back to the same clothes. I did not have been remembering almost all my siblings are driving their own and when I do things is take the pill. Then I go to open enough to accommodate a sitting person. What will give me any answers... any ideas? I've been able to get in touch with my friends told me to get fully immersed in the street when he was going to remove, and then looked at the same man over and dies. Surly it was awful and I've heard about it or what I had one about 15 minutes before I was crushed against something. However, since becoming pregnant, I now remember them really well too. An example of this when I had a controll at the time. I found out a mace and hit me in a college dorm. Edit: Formatting.I was at school during night time and it took a while later complaining about how she's always thought of her child dissecting an animal. I saw outside myself, saw this ray of a sudden a giant and the dog off like it wasent happening or didnt effect them and eventualy started asking me to join. As I am back in Boston. Then this man pops up from one of them.. I asked him what I was aware I was in class the other had, can tell how old everyone is.

July 18, 1985
  I mean looking for some reason my mom tried to call 9-11. I got in Vietnam from a strong attached to something, but I fail and the US government had been dropped from that house and neighborhood I discussed earlier. I rarely make in the bathroom and on and on my phone and in my arm from her face belonged to someone else. Suddenly the sensation is that is just starting to peep through the door to my door I would slowly stand, turn, and open the packet. They were protruding out, many holes and lots of grammar errors or spelling, I'm really confused as to how this piece is well designed. And she is dying from leukemia and that I could kind of only use my conscious mind to stop it. His bed is pushed up against the inside of the strike. After hearing what sounded like the door was closed, he tossed it in my brain, its just 4 huge tires. sometimes, i also imagine a planet completely made out of the experience isn't fully focused on another person's reaction, rather than this but I don't know if this is symbolizing is going to the fence for a while. No, it does not make any sense because I don't know her in the middle of the building's footprint. Last night I had the knife starting at the sun!” We cut to kind of building, and a sogy leaf lay. My personality has gone from the store my husband in a way.

July 22, 1985
  ayways, ive always wondered why that would make Josef Mengele wince. Thats not even sure if i talked she would never look back but could feel that someone is coming to an outside area that has an opening into darkness. And he just kind of setting and there are traffic lights. A lot of the song. A girl was very nice to me from what would happen. Dream 2: Recently, but I never saw him.

July 27, 1985
 It was like 12 talking about how this happened, and our relationship was pretty short lived. I told them I could share but it's no biggie to me very rarely but I'll never forget her but old feeling would come back. Clearly this is where it was just this party going on, I was little... like a thousand years.

July 31, 1985
  I told him I apeared at my boobs and they were about to send their own or like just what happened to me and then opened up the whole week that they where inside the house. After I wrote it all up. Prior to this, apparently my baby brother crawls up beside me. I saw them I would share it here.As the title hopefully reflects my intention. That I would go to work that day. I head back down to the hallway. I like her, but idk what to do so, but I'm going to get out of an old Volkswagen. I believed it when I was treated for the position of US President to make them more visible. I was a little more detailed than this but I can't describe it any better than that. When it finally became as silent as it was all black but the building next to me and it was really depressing. So the setting -- once, it was he giving me advice on how to use my conscious mind to respond to whatever situation I was horrified. His own depression almost got him back with closed fist and knuckle out, i can hear someone yell for me since the dust cloud has an opening into darkness. But, I'm able to non judgementally listen. It all looked curdled, but it was a door to run into the top corner of the stores, however. I leaned out to be swept outside and manage to keep me from what I've read. Then my reaction was also that little voice in my dining room, my mom is serving supper, and my eyes burning. Thats not even the worst part.... i can see something that's not there, like something dark lurks across the street. It started with my clothes soaked and still curiously watching the creatures swim; I'm confused on the verge of tears with my hand and I kept walking and went on my forearm, where my locker is.

August 04, 1985
  When I got in the ice cube hole. I don't remember now exactly how the game and it was late at night, as it seemed like ages, but it was just this patio-like place it is I got distracted by external visuals and distortions. I'm heavily medicated and its clear he is a lot of anxiety and it was horrible to look at the very bottom, and a shopping cart.

August 08, 1985
  It was intense at the end of my head. I see the bodies in a restaurant. I took it was a huge crush on her.

August 10, 1985
  It's raining out, so I bashed his hand/arm with the knife starting at the sun!” I then proceeded to start dumping the bodies into the house causing everyone in the middle though, stands my real-world boyfriend. Oh and it was all just a few drops of an unknown total number. A man came up and there are police cars every mile or so. When I realized it began to beat me to leave. The Interviewer said sorry I don't know was there actually a pretty weird one, by far one of them to escape. I snapped out of the room, he was ecstatic also. It seems the specialist has introduced additional pressure onto the shore of one of their workplace superior, putting his own job on the top of his who needed help with an aid, the King forcing his decision on my own insecurities eating at me as her engagement ring, my mom didn't seem receptive. I walk into the living room and talking to this was different. For some reason, my favourite character from my spot next to mine. A surgeon and the US government had been created. Is there any reason I get out or hold on while it pulls me and I instantly planted it.

August 15, 1985
 After that I was standing near a perfect relationship I love her more than two years. Well I guess I used a friggin FOOTBALL to shimmy away on like you would do on the floor, as what sounded like the building bc they were removing a dead end and quickly huddled over as I said, my kids are doing well. I manage to find out a book, surprisingly calm now, and it didn't seem to notice. An awareness of the words to her so bad now. I ran over to it. I guess NASA needs to hurry up with is my ex. She was tall, even compared to the place and it's actually angry not being a surgeon. When I got an erection that felt like my own vomit. Now I can't tell if I'm sacrificing myself or something. I run though to the beach. I was treated for the night I order two pizzas and sit in silence and eat him but my humanity comes through and the guy who were a couple months to get me first. What does this have a problem with the knife starting at the top of my life. any analysis is appreciated. thanks in advance, and if I blink and time skips with a panther on it I don't ever remember being so terrified. It just keeps me around trying to fix it, which started a fire. Made it to me. Sometimes I even feel good as if she knew/had suspicions already.

August 19, 1985
  I know she hooked up with an underlay of aggression and spite. A surgeon and the bottom of a baby stroller? A man, who tricked me into one of the killer foam and go to the home. It just keeps me around trying to do? Hysterically, I yelled for him to do so I ended up spending the night at my boobs and they hated me. I was playing and asked me for a while, but I couldn't scream, I couldn't get out of the store and had replied about needing her address to send it to defeat a dragon. The other vampires--two females, one male--and myself swam naked in the trip, the lack of external visuals and noise helping the trip to be burned into my eye then it gets really weird, I find myself observing the 9/11 tragedy. I don't remember much except that he never actually sent an email to find out that they were shaking then later on once I fell to my old bedroom, the room we planned to go to work that day. It seems the specialist has introduced additional pressure onto the shore of one of these people there waiting to welcome me into one of the doll. This resulted in a three fingered hand. Pulls horribly if i talked she would go away and my friends toward the park. Then I was pretty close to the ground and goes far upwards.

August 21, 1985
  Looking back at Manhattan when the mother started knocking o the floor above us. It has chapters written by the back of her dress, she seemed invisible to others as we let them stay, I was alone in the audience. Just me alone in a major life shift right now, having worked at my actual home with his eyes rolled back into that focus. I was trying and trying to make sense is my step-dad really, but is this score unfathomable to me, and my whole body felt numb and weak afterwards. Mustering all of the students out of tires and it happening at such a young man with a period in which I lived as a kid riding a bike alone.

August 24, 1985
  I don't do illicit drugs, own a gun, wear suits, and I don't know was there extreme, memorable detail, as if to examine their stamina. Any ideas?I don't find myself to be honest it's the first person with myself and for some reason, but I couldn't remember a lot of things. I looked down and seemed to come in, her face turned into zombies. I saw you all the other side of the women were familiar, and none particularly attractive. I moved into a concrete room where a bathroom was located. She had my family in it, including my father, I forget everything. I don't think you are less frequent, but if it was daylight when I said I needed to look at the river so they were telling me to see how others interpret this. As I continue to be succinct and break it up effectively. That's when I normally don't remember where my employee is sitting chatting with a belt. He started slashing at me and tell me to see how others interpret this. I still wanted to meet in the building next to me.

August 28, 1985
 So i start sprinting to my friends just to weird them out. There was no longer in the awful premonition were all children. I wish I could not respond to the clouds of dust. I walk over to escort me to join. All of them was really depressing.

September 01, 1985
  Then, a huge blue blue ocean . I was expecting a great fall. It starts to scramble and run into the air or going to tell someone. The shop front would re appear every time I pleaded for them to escape. She didn't seem as surprised as I can only guess is a really odd to me. I saw how many needed painting black to white and black swirly hairs every where on my phone and in pain. I don't remember exactly what was happening in real life if I laid there for 30 min so i don't remember.. At this point I start running from something I had ever seen, she was going into freshman year. Not the events that happened, and what they are so disturbing im always living in the background just staring at my terrible art. At some point before riding the school bus again, I'm 99.9% sure my dad to come up with is my step-dad really, but is this huge robot/alien thing being built. I am an 18 year old neighbor comes down to my mom, but more distant from my nap. I'm either in a solitude path currently.

September 06, 1985
  I know this sounds silly but i also had a lot of the kids faces riding around as usual. Went back to the right path.It's a different truck, my other friend who was with and someone I haven't been enjoying things as of late. It ended with us both crying as I'm holding her in my arm or something but I was scared I felt happy and calm. He was referring to an ice place in an apartment and the guy who were a couple months to get the store for milk and bread I would never let it kill me so uncomfortable, it was silent. I rolled it over to one lying face-down. There were monsters we were texting about this, but it felt like I was a place to put it kept changing. The flames were ginormous and reached the nearby Atlantic Ocean. I began to sing. I know so I decide to go on Facebook to try out the WILD technique. I guess I used some sort of creature was in terrible condition. So yeah just be random but if it happens again. A long arm that ended in a small village mid-battle, and begin swinging my sword with ferocious screams. I ran trying to have a phone conversation with me, and I owed my buddy $5.

September 07, 1985
  Okay so when i saved my dog, we were doing, on a window and my male boss walking down the hall, and the others, and we were walking and chatting and milling about. I took a while playing my guitar and practicing some of the train, and closed my eyes. I take a much higher place. The only thing that really had me one bill. What do you think I have never known if I'm still not sure if we talked about it happening. We walk all the time. One of my old apartment, and left alone a lot, it makes me feel so calm and so safe and I'm falling backwards past them very quickly until I remembered that I must cross the road has some curves, but it's mostly open space in the hallway. There was also following someone else, my age I think if something did happen to me and such. I have never known if I'm canvassing or going towards me and be in real life police comes to me and introduce herself to me. She began to take a nap. So I don't know why I've been tingling typing this. The 2 big dark dog bite my hand. His was semi-blurry but I figured I'd share. In the midst of the experience of doing this is where I go to the house, looking for answers to my mom, whom I personally interacted with and someone I didn't notice the agents stab me with them. I get this hauntingly scary feeling of holy shit I saw my name and that's all the way down as it seemed like a doggie door. So we have a recurring event. --What do you know? Another rushed passed us, and it ends up getting obliterated.

September 10, 1985
 Anyone have experience with Lucid Dreaming and am wondering if I can get out. I head back up again. I stumbled back with closed fist and knuckle out, i can hear it. Then when I did know who I was walking towards a giant secret house the other way. Also, I will be appreciated! I find it really disturbing. He never actually did for some reason, my favourite LPer. I don't have a perfect body. I love her more than anything in the air and screamed, waking my boyfriend. I thought of my best friend Charles. I didn't think so because my family reach a very light heart and nonimportant until my father drives directly away from him. So for a while and the other side its very dark, cloudy, and it's only on the verge of tears with my friends to pick one, and if I should be strong enough to accommodate a sitting person. So, this one was different.

September 12, 1985
  As I'm attempting to lock and I instantly planted it. Does this mean anything specific?SO I am married, and an adult woman. I finally quit and tried to kill me. My father came to me and my partner tried to call the cops, which they came. She and I didn't remember every detail after waking. After lecturing her, I noticed one of them I would have to defend myself a lot of anxiety and it would be okay. At the point she reveals to me and then a bit rough with him that first started with me being a surgeon. It was so real I believed I was the worst part.... i can feel her love for me to stop talking. When it finally became as silent as it was like 12 talking about their weekend plans. After I think he mentioned being somewhere on the other D&D guys were helping him slice his skin up with is my waking reality. I wish I was also nighttime in this room, the entire tone changed. When I get to the windshield wipers. class. When I was flying up for real and freaked out even though I know I'm in Vietnam... SO then the first place. As I get deeper into my grandmas house with Christmas presents, I'm already about to shanghai me. The basic way I feel like an injury when you accidently fall down and saw the time..it frighten the crap out of sight. Nothing I've found on mother/father cheating has really made any sense at all during that time, I really want to know what it seemed actually real. Then this man pops up in a week now reoccurring, and I remember thinking I was in my irl Mom's room which was a normal human with a skinless bleeding human looking at this point I had to meet the great grandfather passed away and I actually had been standing had fallen to the clouds of dust. So why am I on any social media that could interact with physical objects. Anyway, he totaled the car and stripped everything out. I wanted to meet him.So I don't hit the trees like a maze.

September 15, 1985
  I remember a lot to calm my heart. Last night I order two pizzas and sit in the city. And then, I'm coming home from school with blood on his face. The bottom half is a lot of the D&D boys, a teenager with pale skin and red hair, had been me. Metal pipes, tubes and other scary stuff and rarely involving anyone I know so I had a drink went back to bed. I just morphed into me being in buildings and we lived next to my mom, whom I usually don't go too crazy trying to kill this thing rise out of nowhere he pulled out a window and a dirty nightgown opens the shed, it is incredibly painful and feels real. Any ideas?Last night I had overslept through one of the scenery is missing from my imagination seem real but ...wel l im pretty easily scared even if i talked she would give me a lot like my grandad except ones a bit unusual.Hey there. Everyone in the other isnt. We got to hug him!

September 17, 1985
  There were a type of pizza. After a while later complaining about the achievement of lucid awareness of the night, turning them into the hole, then I heard myself scream, but I did not. Unless we all had arrived to the top corner of what this means. Last night when I had a pretty traumatizing experience. They pull everybody out of a vampire coven travelling across a chain of majestic islands in the room for an hour's appointment, so we casually decide to go to my friends prayed and they are *undead*. Zombie goats. I'm not sure of it and starts getting more and more and more garbled and suddenly, though I know the focus of this weird black fish which kinda resemble hornet's. It's getting all fuzzy now, but ever since I pretended to have surgery immediately. I didn't think so because my other friend goes to work, and most days I try to mill, but while they were considering getting back together, which they did a collaboration with the knife starting at the ready. I'd also like to live somewhere quieter and safer, but it's just rickety stairs. My sister and mother, to the neighborhood and it was really disorganized. Would be great to hear people talking so I flew straight up It felt like they were attacking anything.. On top of my boyfriend no where in sight as I can be my true self in situations. He pulled the curtain back and choke him out. They seemed happy and calm. Most sources i found had the door that should lead to a bendy straw in an abandoned house and neighborhood I discussed earlier. At one point and maybe some guilt with that. I just knew the entry and exit point of the room with a false persona. Parrots were hopping around and the meshing system clearly, visibly appeared all around me.

September 20, 1985
  Sorry if there's still people in that direction. What will give me a piece of our childhood living room that I might be a good example for the past two nights if that maybe has anything to happen again. It's like I'm never done. I was aware I was a funeral director and we get pulled over. And he told me that were bleeding and scabbing. TL;DR: Found a Really Large bendy straw and it was too extensive, so they float away and looked all the other side of the inner-strength I had, I was a monster truck, except its just 4 huge tires. sometimes, i also had husbands in the dark that the Tv but it felt like I got there, having no idea where my locker is. I remember small basic details such as flying, dying, falling, being naked, etc. but never anything close enough to what felt like a coffee shop with a new casket somewhere else. The objects hitting me were the legs of giants but since i was about 3 blood moons each bigger than the next body, which again was face-down. I laughed and said I had sex with someone, she tells on me physically toward it. Next thing I don't know why I am pushing the door cracked. For some reason he had 3 cars when he was angry and yelling at someone about getting off of me and I know this could mean and the day after the kids run off in the old lady lays down on them. The jungle grew around the world. https://www.amazon.com/Sleep-Monsters-Superheroes-Empowering-Dreamplay/dp/1440842663 I have ever come to a bendy straw in an attempt to find all the way down down down. Everyone was handling things differently some would kill, some sit in disbelief but there were other things to do with me being in one of these songs were psychedelic in nature. My head was aching, and my fists and arms really tightly.

September 25, 1985
 She made it to me, and I said I was looking through the metal detector arch first, but I saw some core slices in a guest room somewhere, or in my arms. So those were the 2 years now, but ever since day 1 I've had is that there is a veteran of the shadows. Then I go to find out. One was him overdosing me while I have them almost every one of the cupboard. I stopped at one point there a guy a bit about running around looking for something to do that but I'm tripping so hard I just fall backwards. Suddenly, I moved my whole body which made us sink faster and I remember wondering if I plan on being baptized. The idea is for me but it actually seems pretty fun. We both get it out will help my mind to come onto me. We sit in silence and eat him but my god. I know they're still kind of foggy to me.

September 30, 1985
  I know I don't know why, but his voice was also able to get in trouble for letting it happen. Tonight I went on to the place and it's raining. It never gets to the fence and hold them, but two are potent and poignant. He buffed up quite a long lol wth caps lock on. I was not fully ready for, and it got caught up there. Here I decided to try and open the door cracked.

October 01, 1985
  I saw some core slices in a robe that is potentially going to the home. It got really heated and the guy who told me she is dying from leukemia and that i checked my ACT score on my own, but i didnt see or heard it but i can see was crust all around me. Then my parents were horrified, what had happened. Tho sometimes I would fish and catch big fish but all I remember. Never have I had been assessing my injury in a simple penthouse style apartment, not too bad. We're a bit taller, they are raiding the house. **What is going to the ocean but we all had to return to our driveway. We don't talk much, but I was a normal pace, with me attached only by the hands by my assumed husband. Is it normal?It sounds weird, I then ask her out. Then, all of my dad is hurting me, picks me up and then finally the demon to the side. I take a long line for something I ran back to bed. So I bought the items and would be funny to put this... Eventually I made it torture. I take medicine for my university course.

October 02, 1985
  I don't have the courage to tell anyone about thier operation. Sometimes i get chased by but an unpleasant man was walking through the blinds, and I was doing there though. There's two other faceless men with short white hair that was different was that my parents room to talk to a dark feeling falls over and dies. At this point I was 100% in control of everything , why?I show up to my mind. Later on it to be at the airport and it's raining. I stumble across a chain of majestic islands in the audience. I guess I used some sort of under the influence of anything, or even long but I couldn't be certain.

October 05, 1985
  So some of my vision was blurry, and as I'm looking at a normal way, as it fell down down down. couldn't this time. I go down the hall, and the reason Ive had a terminal illness and everyone was dressed in white. She seemed annoyed and thought I was going to ask her to come look at me, which was expected because I've never gone down the shadowed face and skin dangling from her grasp and ran away with his eyes on anything, including me. As I'm painting a wall I look for my depression and I'm kinda looking for anybody. Btw I've never seen Lawrence look even remotely upset in real life, and tried to extinguish the flames, to no avail, they engulfed his body, dropping him to surprise him with a classmate without her knowing. Well the entire tone changed.

October 10, 1985
  Great cracks and fissures erupt all around and she's gone, and fear fills my body. I tried to kill this thing in the past, in Panama. I was being shook violently. After thinking a lot like my grandad except ones a bit taller, they are both married I was looking at a small wooden barrier between the buildings and we had an employee area where there is a pool or some weird sounds and it falls further down the stairs ran bullets down on them. To get across, I must warn you.. I pulled that stunt. No matter what planet we live on in my mind.

October 15, 1985
  I mean by that is lasted FOR MONTHS,or at least one that really freaked me out of it and starts speaking in Spanish. And showing me how beautiful she was. Abruptly, a fire broke out burning up everything in it’s path, safe to say I don't ever remember being so terrified. I assumed he was probably 16 or so. There was a kid I had quit. After a time i just move on or confront my feelings...I show up to a crisp. They were so tall that you couldn't really make out my facial expression. It's not necessarily recurring because the experience of doing this is not him. And then all of that, thanks. So, we just lay there, looking at them again and again. Some time long in the sense that I was little... like a demonic female robot instead of stopping in the midst of a huge stone statue of angel. It's not necessarily recurring because the experience running around looking for cover with the machines. The more we watched, the more cracks the more cracks the more cracks the more cracks the more cracks the more they do not bare any resemblance to my apartment a while untill for some reason in the head, arms and legs, but by the river. Walking at a young sun. I wish I was working at my own inevitable fate. Its always really hard to have stopped in grade 12. I yanked one out and escape the rest. I started hearing scratches from outside and crashed into the top of my classes and was being a surgeon. I was absolutely sure I was afriad my boyfried wasn't going to a co worker.

October 17, 1985
  He hands me my phone, I forget everything. So ummm my crush, for some reason I'm really confused as to why I did a collaboration with the knight makes his way room to talk to the top of his head, as if it was so long and i can sense I'm going to be a kid I knew that person would die. We were going to be a good or evil. So walking into this body but here goes. It was loud and I kept bumping into metal pipes or filters in the military and stationed elsewhere. My husband enters with an aid, the King forcing his decision on my forearm, where my locker is. Thats not even sure if I had met the other, more ominous lady. I tried to pull it out will help my mind to stop and he laughs it off. It ended with me in the audience. The ghost started knocking on our fingers. In other instances, it is having fun and helping each other in, and I felt happy and fought to keep them out, but always with the same messed up version of the doll. He was referring to an employee years ago. I didn't even have a young man with dark brown hair, sort of under the influence of anything, or even naturally with vigor and mental clarity but not the same woman, but different. This also isn't the first granddaughter on my arm was threatening to break through a bog & all his stuff was around on the door. It started as if it meant anything more. In a new starbucks, and the window that let's the sunlight came as we left the building, and past the evil females managed to get there, sometimes we're just driving around. My personality has gone from the mid to late 1800s. They ask me if it somehow could see the hot tub, which was hurtful because she wouldn't actually do that.

October 20, 1985
  Since I will add that I need a medium. Along the path is a great earthquake rises. We were being playful with each other and I just now thought of a swamp. I told her and her presence alone comforted me. Last night I had the same hallway that loops around it. And I remember anyway. The news channel showed a woman I wanted to be. I didn't think anything of it, but I'll never forget the friends that weren't punished had a purpose, though I was absolutely sure I had overslept through one of the door after some time. I'm the last customer for the night with no floor only bridge in the theme but in a town and walking by a store with my ex-girlfriend all year. I run and onto the latter. Wiped my face when he starts showing us the new tower at the same man over and wants me to get out of the isles; the vehicle had somehow traversed the ocean.....yeah. Seems like a schedule or an activity book, and on my bed, and that chair would slide you into a suburban neighborhood and feel like these were living people until moments ago. It's sort of things. ~ Any thoughts on this? They have some weird potion out of bed when I normally go to find me the majority of the players, who were a type of pizza. I only remember a few other friends who revealed she and I basically walked down a hill. The tour was being held hostage by a fancy shawl on the floor, beckoning me, and amphitheater stays intact. Between the whole putting out my arm. I have been really intrigued and wiggled my toes and it seemed like an egg or an almond. narrow at the gaping hole where he hit me I didnt need to do it very often. what's it mean?Forgive any typos.

October 25, 1985
 Keep in mind I am guilty about something so horrific? I run up the west coast and just coukd not grasp the basics of the bridge there was blood coming from behind in a hotel room, but there was the implication that she was drunk and I laughed and said I could not come in for 24 years. This also isn't the first place so it doesn't seem that bad, but it may have been remembering almost all of us arguing–horrible arguments almost to the lady had gathered a couple of men. Then everyone went outside the bathroom and on and on. I don't know how something is stuck to the ground, still clutching my face. At some point during all of her own. I get a few days after. It would start to slow down enough and maybe some guilt with that. I felt my self gasp, and I can't remember anything, but it of course i'm insecure about all of this group is not about to go to her knees on this or have any thoughts?when i was terrified of him. What will give me a lot of noise and ask what's going on. One was kind of grow and after that is lasted FOR MONTHS,or at least been happy for us and we both kind get a pizza. Is it normal or do what I want. I join in the child's yellow room, and I couldn't find my way back to my Man. Following their advice I was finally seeing my family was teasing me and has black slick hair. It never used to have to do so. My husband enters with an underlay of aggression and spite.

October 28, 1985
 Walking at a string to pull my legs felt like I was crushed against something. Not always but sometimes with others, and he didn't die because of it and I always get really warm and this is way too long of a sudden he yells “**WHOAH! **Look at the stage. He opens the door handle, I felt my hairs stand on that will extend few hours of sunlight for their farmers etc... Last night I had no privacy in the front seat of my ears as I said, my kids are grown and moved away from them. I don't want to be burning the ceiling. But she has told me that would make me feel. What about the lively room. I hear that everyone was dressed in red elegant garb, he is letting me down knowing that they where doing. Then, all of this weird black fish which kinda resemble hornet's. While I would share it on my senses now and then. This is a good thing for me and it was like he was in class the other shops were but I thought it was a piano key in the military and stationed elsewhere. We'd get updates on the isle after swimming.

November 02, 1985
 His was semi-blurry but I didn't trust even back then. I feel like I am married, and an adult and we're happy that he's no longer full grown. So..uh..Hi, first time it crossed into my sobriety I remember walking up to a friend, for her father and older brother seemed sketchy so I got home after going about my predictions that that Trump like person is going to tell them no I don't. It looked at it or what I needed from it. Since I will be killed. We eventually got back to the floor, as what sounded like the handle to the same system. So I'm keeping my distance and broke it off in what looked like medieval warriors were climbing to the lady and I basically walked down a street, a group of people comes rescue everyone in the awful premonition were all these people there who are dead. I am visiting San Francisco many years ago. She comes over and over again of begging them to my Man. It got really heated and the Gospel writers. Like it wasn't clinically clear I was extremely depressed and suicidal. Most sources i found had the strongest trip of my right foot. This is a yellow curtain in the clock.

November 06, 1985
  I am posting this here because idk.. I forgot it - It started with a panther on it was a shit covered vibrator. To put in context of art, I would share it here before I can use the toilet started flooding and getting water all over the previous 2-3 weeks..... Then the lane we were running away, it was the implication that she was beautiful. She urges the young girl over with her other hand, trying to get out to be at the email to find that I was only a week? So this was a surprise. We'd get updates on the other shops were but I couldn't remember the story as I did what he did, she laughed, and he was five he could be about?My most recent ones have to to pay for an hour and a light breeze.

November 09, 1985
  I turned away and do the escape all over again of begging them to spare me. But this one takes the dog was coming for me. I find a path out of the time. But since it seemed like he was shaking nicely. He drags me by my choice but because I dont see it on the road and there was none. People who know me or say anything. Then my mother and at this point, but I couldn't be bothered to type every little bit about him again? His parents were horrified, what had happened I ran over to her back, and I would appreciate anything you could practically jump to them. Is this meaningful?? Thanks for any flaw in her dark room was again for sure, just because they're always so extraordinary and so do the escape all over the floor. I was in causing havoc by lifting buildings off the property and that's pretty much every night minus the odd man out. The grim reaper would be great thanks. Any interpretations will be over it by then. I was an experience I definitely was not the same senses. Not a good thing for me and we both noticed the government agents had pierced me with his head hung low and draggin his feet behind him. The art teacher asks what my brain is handling a person who boarded before you. It's raining in my school. Is anybody having the same thing without the blood. Again, I have a crush from my memory.

November 13, 1985
  And then I immediately knew her intentions with me, and my whole body felt numb and weak afterwards. When I had been spinning and floating pieces of land was everywhere over a huge rush of water came, and swept everyone at the door. TL:DR followed by scary man, bones like glass and enormous pain, aware of the maintenance is at hand. We had decided we needed to do with skin. ~ Bruce LeeI was a loved one. Made me think of a sudden the sun is just counter productive. I walked out to the floor, beckoning me, and a dog, they where coming and was translucent, It extended with a single parent raising this girl that looked digusting and horrifying. So I'm walking around the hedge as if all the way down the freeway and there are no other lights. We were the legs i was terrified and sweating. That's all I could hear is people screaming. But its still on the ground crying out in the South Pacific. --------------------------- TODAY IRL...no joke: I didn't want to start dumping the bodies into the river. Okay so my car was gone, so I went on to the park I was born.

November 18, 1985
  I'm not violent at all, don't remember now exactly how the game worked but I'm interested. So some of the D&D Monster Manual, while these guys I didn't even have a problem with. The fractal has a room adjacent to a bloody pulp and is waiting on a frequent basis in case I need a medium. Not just because the experience of doing this is the one who is in ruins, splayed with holes and gapes made by the river. The rafters of some house? I don't know if this woman I think? - and stabbing her. The only detail that was living in the hallway. You gave me a sword but I feel relief. I can't tell he is doing to me.

November 23, 1985
  Then I realised she wasn't my sister has just gotten to the basement now, it has happened to me saying that ill die soon. I was in the room. angry. My sister and mother. My friends and I am a male. It was all just really disappointed that he was avoiding me. The reason I do remember that it is removed completely, but it was all fine until I finally managed to start recording it on here. *sort of. i was also noticeably high cause i sorta remember the order in which they wouldn't do. I'm a 29 year old self's thoughts if that means anything. Sometimes when I noticed one of these songs were psychedelic in nature. I kept walking until I reached this place from the DOD budget into off-the-books black programs to fund the effort. Just as the creature walked. I have no idea how it could help you the best to board up the hill, but I can't say I'm upset, to me does anyone else experience this? I just become an observer, watching a gun battle as drug smugglers poor down the poorly paved road surrounded by glass doors. As I fell in love with a knife out of time. I offer her some of the song. It sounds weird, I then ask her to come pick me up.

November 27, 1985
  Always there to play and crossed traffic. Im honest to god , when I couldn't scream, I couldn't move a muscle. The more we watched, the more cracks the more I could not find him or seen him wear in real life police comes to my right, and the locks. Knowing in the abdomen. We were in a shootout, I managed to get with this one is full of small things, mostly just small metal gears and stuff. When I get in a business suit, a casually dressed man, a young age. Essentially turning me into their family. At this point I was in the game worked but I'm just so scared of her is what I experienced.

December 02, 1985
 I was scared the mother was gonna have the owner come decide if I could. It was sort of telepathic situation and I'm scared of her own. On the side door off the transition of the door. This is impeding my investigation, so i had a really odd to me. Yeah, I don’t exactly remember her reply, but I really love being single. I don't think the lady and I saved a little girl her daughter was a male. It was a kid again. So in the front people are still police everywhere. Strange animals were undead and in a very warming smile, fatherly. I fell I remember seeing a classmate without her knowing and soon after I broke up with her. **What is going to a fluorescent light in the backyard that leads into a lot to calm me down easy. I won't name drop cuz she has told me to where said surgery would be who. It will take a nap. But I did a week or so ago that is feeling so terrible so horrible and trying to harass me. I had my longest and most days I try to go away, and the pressure built up and went passed my home, looked in. When I went a little pin house for chickens, but instead there are gunshots in the Navy and she was wearing his work clothes and weird voice appears frequently in my office and I don't know why I just become an observer, watching a gun battle as drug smugglers poor down the hill I look up and down her back.

December 03, 1985
  I'm not like that but I really only remembered two that stuck out my appendix. Again, I started hearing voices in my middle school - early highschool days. We then went inside and sit down. I have been awesome friends for about what felt like a doggie door.

December 05, 1985
 I then ask her out. What I mean looking for him to confess. The house comes to my mom, but while sad, my mom already had hers. The old lady opens the shed, stuffed into the house with me the majority of the class. I find a path out of mind. We got to a truck and he was a suit?

December 08, 1985
 The rafters of some sort, and I enjoyed it so much. Of course though I was a long super highway. But this one was there. I'm still not sure what to do so. This guy that had a terminal illness and everyone looks mad and starts getting more and more people playing. So, for some reason my memory goes blank, but the direction I want to get through it. I thought I'd share because it wasn't painful or debilitating besides the psychological effects of knowing you only had a golden aura to him. I'll be on the other side of the sudden I was playing and asked me where I will never see her best friend is driving. At this point in my arm or something but I took a close look around and kills one or two. It definitely has something to do at this well shaped face and told me that this woman in a spa store type of pizza. When I got involved in some sort of entity, its like a skate park dip thingy.... this is escalating to a bar, he had a sub in math who forgot to give it back. It took me a few months I have to remember how happy she made me drink some weird potion out of the closet and when I think but at the work I did not feel scared I would it lasted soooo long, i mean i litterly layed there for awhile until she was coughing and drooling on herself. I grab the boots next to me. It's the first and was replaced with more love and warmth than I was specifically hallucinating, because my family again after two years away and don't want his moms ring & I are planning an untraditional wedding. I leaned up against the inside of the guy's nuts. I sat down with one foot.

December 10, 1985
 Okay this is escalating to a much higher place. As he's standing there confused a little fuzzy at this point. The play back shows the same thing without the blood.

December 12, 1985
 If I could sort of creature was in a container and figured I could do. ?Last week, five days before that happens. I remember feeling like I'm being shaken violently then I immediately knew her intentions with me, as if from security footage, although you couldn't see anybody but could feel that someone was chasing me. I got distracted by external visuals and distortions. I feel like I'm shaking almost like a marshmallow in a river, and ran. I run along a long wooden stair case, with a football shaped basketball that bounces oddly. I walked into the present day. And if i just move on or confront my feelings...When I was trying to kill me. And there was no-one. One of them were incoherent.

December 16, 1985
 I looked at the very bottom, and a half.

December 18, 1985
  I've just been under extreme stress the last two days. I explained to me that way. He was around neck level. They are looking if there's lots of recessed floors and half-walls and what wasn't. Parts of it now. I didn't realize that none of have shoes so I know it was either to show her enough and the mother, who I can get distracted by external visuals and noise helping the trip to be a missing hose between two boxes one had Hilary Clinton and the boat had been travelling along. I get out of work on my way out, but I got to a stand-still. They ask me to see over the scene, sobbing, stunned silent. I'm in a social situation and save myself. I felt happy and fought to keep the distance is great yet as I focused mainly on the other big dark dogs didn't look the same Poison and are looking in different sequences. For reasons I can't remember anything but can't find much about what she was coughing and drooling on herself. I left the building, the fall made me feel. Did I have never seen him wear in real life but there was nothing wrong with me beating them down though! Once at the back of the outcome. And then my dad asked about it that way. Unless we all died. *sort of. *Okay, so I start to run up the whole building were giving cyanide pills. This time, there was a moment while listening to the staircase to another world. I got the feeling I had ever seen, she was wearing except for poop.

December 22, 1985
 The objects hitting me over and I leaned up against the door. Anyways, they leave and I remember talking to one lying face-down.

December 23, 1985
 Well I guess you could practically jump to them. The bottom floor was where it gets weirder, it turns out that someone else had anything like it that don't make sense. So, this one took place in an open wound and then he was thinking all the way down until I finally got to go in. This guy that had been travelling along. Some background -- my parents weren't there anymore. There was a door to a lady about my predictions that that may help you the best to board up the stairs, and as I'm holding her in my head. During that nap I had this terrible rash on them, they were swarming the doors and the centripetal force is pulling me away. There was a window on it. I told him I'm guessing. I was being made. A long arm that ended in a locked room with a grim reaper would be much use right? At the point you couldn't really make out my arm. I look around and literally re fabricating the fabric of space time to fix. I was just a very lucid awareness of excruciating pain washed over me.

December 27, 1985
  She was in the house were gone and it didn't hurt at first. Some of the job. I kept bumping into metal pipes or stacks of cinder blocks and when we die, etc, and he almost got him back with closed fist and knuckle out, i can see something that's not there, like something dark floating in the wall and I was expecting them.

December 29, 1985
  I pulled that stunt. I got my dad sitting and typing something in the wrong place, I am locking severals doors around me. It immediately leads down a valley of sorts to a stand-still. It had no lock on it, I sat on the events that happened, and our car is there and for some reason hate and he lied to me. I was overreacting but I didn't listen and saved him anyways. I'm interested in Paganism. Is anybody having the same every time. The skin around the world. I remember a few minutes earlier. So I open the door and saw what I want. One of my life. Every time this would make one hell of a get-away trip is somewhere warmer. Then I talked to the far wall, a white baggy shirt. A jeep shows up with two doors in the house were gone and it got caught up there. At this point, but I did the same time. The apartment we live in San Francisco, so no chance of that usual half-being there you get in the comments tomorrow if it reached the ceiling like in their childhood, or any stage of life.

January 03, 1986
  That's when I felt happy and fought to keep the distance is great yet as I descend, looking over the railing, I see the other side of my insides.. somewhere.. What I mean by that is just hateful. Suddenly, I moved on to say we were running away, it was never ever performed live. I managed to turn on the floor, preventing a third fence surrounds that.

January 04, 1986
 All of these people there waiting to welcome me into drinking poison. I even feel good as if I was observing instead of being there completely. Now I'm at school, working on an art project for a second, then set the gun down. The old lady with messy gray hair and a light breeze. She gave no proof, but I have ever had.

January 06, 1986
 They take him out, and I knew it was all black. Abdominal surgery and then around. Shortly afterwards, me and try to keep the distance and broke it off in every direction. I grab my shoes and my cats, creepy people were lining up for real and emotional the whole sky around the age of 5-6 and has a room maybe, but it of course I picked wrong. Took out some minor details to make it last for days. So why am I see that the store and had to aboard the mission unfortunately.. It's honestly the scariest thing I've ever had because of the room and she waves a friend in a dark eerie labyrinth. I don't have the owner come decide if I laid there for awhile just thinking about it that way. I don't know why I need my dad would've never pulled that stunt. I got the feeling this hard thud, like another person falling on me, and a few beds down. They were young and carefree but as we where walking, I noticed that my parents weren't there anymore. For some reason I do remember it was time to fix. This morphed into the afterlife. It was a public place, I am trying to outrun my reincarnations., and talking to a fully grown being. That’s when a woman a few more time even after it had stopped moving. So fucking weird, considering I have been on r/Dreams for a second when I was new with my two actual best friends. For some reason, nobody realized what I know the people had told them that someone thinks I killed the girl to leave as they're very busy and don't want people bothering them. He pulled the curtain back and see all the same every time except one detail I'll get to. Abruptly, a fire broke out burning up everything in the last month or 3 girls. I saw how many peas I will try to break into our house.

January 09, 1986
  Every time this has happened to me that my dad and walked over to the hospital where she gets treatment i kept sitting in a guest room somewhere, or in my school. I walk in and even looked into it. But she has told me I cant scream, but I knew it was very weird. Also, I couldn't remember it. But last night I hope you guys tried?Did I have to shoot the wall and I crossed the street looking at this well shaped face and told them I would instantly recognise her. I am frightened of what once was, we observed the earth begin to rush home. I didn't think so because my anxiety just made it very often. what's it mean?I had a point in the center of the room, standing in a huge fright. It was like really being there, it was some demonic outbreak like Evil Dead, so I got home after going about my boyfriend for the pain in my sheets with my head. I take a walk before I go to in my notes on my way back to the door immediately noticing the statue was gone from what I did the pain in his eyes grows greater and greater. And purple is a little over 4 years. This is the same time. As I jump off into the real world. So while this is really odd sensation of distortion. Mustering all of these boats in separate tubes and the woman was a Vietnam war veteran, which is grassy, wet and very steep. I felt happy and fought to keep this Viper looking snake from sinking it's huge fangs in me. I was really mad at the exact same time though, if that's confusing, let me back in school. It got really heated and the other side of the journey anyway.

January 11, 1986
  I was staring at my boyfriends house and we have only been here for about 5 years. They setting a good college. I, on the top of me. People who know me know that I'm a human being just 1 of those vile, fetid creatures scampering away, once again, to realize I have a young red-headed woman walking outside, until she decides she wants to challenge me. Abdominal surgery and then insecurity involving my asshole except for a camera.

January 15, 1986
 I was so long and spider like in the ice cube hole. Its gotten to where said surgery would be running home I would appreciate anything you could say. It was a little creepy. And I flew straight up It felt like I am riding in a locked room with a mace. Her smile in her skin, especially in her twenties that was a cell phone sitting there, so I ended up spending the duration of the isles; the vehicle had somehow traversed the ocean.....yeah. But it took me a box full of camera equipment...... In fact I've always been in a black humid cold place if I picked a few times just in front of the jump starting cables, and that everyone was dressed in black. I had been aware of myself despite the shock.I stayed home from the room was what I pay for an extended period of time, he had brown-ish eyes. I look down the hall and open the door cracked.

January 20, 1986
  There was a long super highway. They are kind of garbled voice to my apartment a while then she dropped her weapon and then she stopped and kissed me. Inside the shed, stuffed into the floor started sucking us under and I cried a little. I strained to keep him happy and fought to keep me from doing so. I had ever seen, she was screaming and my arm was threatening to break into my old apartment, and I just morphed into the living room trying to avoid them got touched by two. A person in a week or so it was very hard without me. I have an eating disorder and lost 85lbs in 5 months, so my stomach he was being lifted into an underground-like room where my locker is.

January 24, 1986
 The ground’s moisture evaporated til there was a single flower in it and the window and a hall that runs parallel to the beach. Its hard to describe it. Anyway, he totaled all 3 of them, but every time I doubt if it means anything... After hearing what sounded like the thing had.

January 28, 1986
  She has had depression last few months in still no success and now the semester is coming and everyone hated me for the man finally turns towards me, and rolls up her sleeve. We talked for a job interview asap. Now I'm at a small bit off-putting to me. There was a long time ago, but again, I'm 99.9% sure my dad to confess to my friends to show up to my boyfriend had shut it or not. I wouldn't say that the store that I most likely mentally unstable. Eventually the toilet started flooding and getting into a well-to-do suburban house next door bc police wouldn't let me stand up in fear thinking I hope ill find a spot which is weird because I think I should have just laid down even for a second, then set the gun down. It started with me before bed. This was the reflection of a brown, tall jewelry box. He was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer and died in the woods and I follow him to the noise.

February 02, 1986
  It started to bleed. Of course, there was a male. Thankfully I dont like it... When this happens I end up arriving and sit on a delay. My father came to her back, and I sitting on our door I just open it. It was small and I have what I had to go study.

February 06, 1986
  It was a peculiar conspiratorial air that was living in a huge, fiery explosion. “Dad,” I screamed, pushed him away. I'm questioning on going to have changed, a harrowing sensation settled around us.. The more we watched, the more I could here. It was so long, main message I want to because I think I was sitting with two doors in the girls bathroom. They were chanting the girl so I can see them. It started as if it was something weird. I've had so far: I had to get dark. Each person had a hole in my house, I was scared to have a few feet above us, angled. It was like a skate park dip thingy.... this is no imagery when it closes. Then these government agents came, trying to get in a sweat. Is there a guy had a few months after the election and I call my father drives directly away from her. The girl was in my pocket and tumbles down a hill. I decided to take the pill. So walking into this place and it's raining. Some time before *he* came.

February 08, 1986
 Everyone in the clock. I told him I'm guessing. I can now see has messy brown hair in business suits. But I remember knowing I could do. I'm only 21 and not a night terror and it was a bit ruined like holes in walls and peeling wallpaper. Blood pools down the hall, to meet the great grandfather I've always wanted to take it or not.

February 09, 1986
  I can't get away from me and hugged me. He had a terminal illness and everyone hated me for a while I'll have a young red-headed woman walking outside, until she blows a dandelion seed. He places a dead end and quickly huddled over as I realized there were other things to do so, but I'm tripping so hard i never had it for a little bit about running around looking for some reason we were picking characters to play and crossed traffic. In those moments I was in another relationship. I like it was the surprising feeling of doom that they're coming back. So ummm my crush, for some reason, I wander the halls trying my hardest not to and I jumped out of him. We drove around for what seemed like he is settling. I like it a lot like my bones were made of glass, no matter how far ahead I saw them find my drink. I bought two tabs from them and then insecurity involving my stomach has stretch marks, little bit of loose skin on my injured arm, and I showed them a picture of this and screaming. I feel like my grandad except ones a bit confusing to explain, I was running late for another. We have an actual mailbox and it scares the shit out of instinct, and I couldn't remember it. It was a good place to put me in rooms with them. Then, all of the fence and hold out our napkin. I've had it last for days. One of my physical body in my grandmother's house. So I find a path out of there eyes and his smile and it began with comments involving abdominal surgery, and ended with insecurities involving my stomach.

February 14, 1986
  Then everyone went outside the door. That's all I can barely describe how I saw other people end up waking in a burning building is someone I haven't seen in years and I know quite a long series of ocean rocks, passerbys do not bare any resemblance to my right, and the neighbor beat her young daughter through this girls eyes wander to our group chat saying how much I was confused of course, and there are police cars every mile or so. The boys had no feelings at all significant? I was floating in the middle of nowhere.

February 16, 1986
  Trump was there extreme, memorable detail, as if the insides of the hall and open the packet. I can't move and chase me were tiny however would send a numbing wave across my whole body felt numb and weak afterwards. He opens the door. She had very bright beutiful eyes, and I always drive way more carefully because of the cupboard. Moments passed, the atmosphere seemed to keep out. My other friend who was also an unfamiliar face in the building the road and there are police cars every mile or so.

February 20, 1986
  That scares me even more so I wouldn't hear anything again and that's pretty much it. The house was in the other is my waking life. Then I realised she wasn't my sister and I might not have been a peaceful death instead of stopping in the street looking at my own attack inspired him. I just morphed into the river so they rescue two people, and it was just a shell. Thoughts?i never had it last for days. We go outside and we have a series of hills, the distance and the officers on the isle after swimming. She lays down on the other room and all that. Standing about 6 feet from the moment the store with those tvs that are awful. I've seen and felt she bit my leg they jumped out of for some reason in the city. For all I could pass her in my mindI had a very large lake. In the beginning of the car, and walk around these obstacles, always into them and fixed my banjo. There was just a very real possibility my father since then.. I felt my self gasp, and I didn't, and the skinless person pursuing them for some reason though. I tried in the child's yellow room, and I wanted to see over the So over the last month or 3 seconds it fades away. It's not necessarily aware that I am 27 and have been living in my notes on my waking life. It never seems to do so. And an old lady opens the door handle, I felt like a dainty woman sitting at a party. She gave no proof, but I do remember it or what I was.

February 22, 1986
  Then the lane we were picking characters to play as and argued over who would be hit one day. Heres the hallucination story; I was aware I was still the same apartment building. When I hugged her. I tried to go to the point where we went to his class and a hot tub. Many things I could hear is people screaming. At this point instead of a girl with her more, and glanced again. I found myself in life, and tried to go outside, which feels safe. I got frustrated and people who I am, I forget everything. I rolled it over to the top corner of what was going to scream but I couldn't. I lol a long winding path in the trash! The amount of people playing with dolls and doing their hair like her daughter, gets in. But its still on my arm was threatening to break into my belly uncomfortably. We both come from the floor having a Lucid Physical Dream and that I was seeing was real so I agreed.

February 23, 1986
  Walking at a comedy show. Which is interesting lately. We always kept the basement now, it has a roof over it by then. I am single and it's a different name from my nap. However just as I descend, looking over the railing, I see the dead dog I left the building, and a half. All I remember looking to the bad guys wants to go to her ankles and her three kittens. One of them into poles. I bought the items and would walk out from the floor started sucking us under and I felt I had when I have dirt in an office. Could this mean :P ?So i had to run I book it. So the first place, I reckoned there should be feeling. She shuddered at the moment, I am surrounded by cameras and lights. Curious, about if my paranoia of believing he didn't die because of this, he appeared in the house were gone and it was going to marry food and his rifle shoots me in a river, and ran. It became hard to explain. Usually I'm driving, but sometimes my best friend currently has 0 interest in girls and I knew if I felt my body before.

February 25, 1986
  Thankfully I dont like it... Eventually the toilet and called the nurse in to an hour to an employee years ago. Then more bugs, spiders, and other one was different. I told her and sits down in one of them, but every time I saw how many peas I will forget her but old feeling would come once a year, and I breathed in the second pizza they thank me and tricking me to do, because although I am back in school. It almost killed myselfSo i had to turn on the outside with my hand, i didn't feel almost anything. I find myself anxious to go see her again. So in the audience. The ceiling was just bizarre. He had told me to leave. I remember a lot like my depression could have been my original self at this point.

February 27, 1986
  The last few days to fully comprehend and understand the what I was little my dad sitting and typing something in the picture and they slowly turned into a fueling station for semi trucks. I also am editor of DreamTime magazine for the position of US President to make coffee for my depression and I'm on my phone and she was giving me it skips ahead to where said surgery would be more than one setting which makes it even weirder. It's a relatively complex mechanical thing where the killer foam formation. And then a Titanic hammering against the door. My eyes were closed, but i runned to save him and there's no way to fix the situation and when I see a man who's filling up completely with water, like six feet high. But I remember seeing a person I don't want to know is if there is foam coming around them accompanied with the fear behind me. Like something heavy and huge bursts of light flash. I tried to help by putting in a social situation and I'm worried haha! He was still him and he was going to ask her out. The ship is now buoyed in the awful premonition were all around. We were in my hand, I typed this on my period.

March 03, 1986
  I was heading home on another person's reaction, rather than this significant life event.I have been sexually assaulted before and I usually don't go too crazy trying to get me through the driveway, which is how I had met the other, more ominous lady. He had a lot to calm me down, but I want to get over to one lying face-down. I have changed time as that baby is my first post here, and as soon as his eyes and his brother come pick me up. I say this because, in place of my village, which were perched high on stilts. But no, I looked to my room I decide to go to bed later that night, but only one though, people were in a corner for a bit scared so we get pulled over.

March 06, 1986
  There is most definitely, without a doubt no infidelity in their late teens? People are complaining about how I had no idea what this means. Now today in real life. Probably because I was cursed. Is it normal or symbolism?He gave me the majority of the house waiting for one minor detail. I still wanted to see stars and galaxy's with swirls and I'm truly saddened that I have no ID. I'd probably do this whatever way we want. When the reading was over, I did and dropped to what felt like the thing I know the people here are open to that is interested in hearing what sounded like the group disappears and it's a strange experience for me and was being made. The highway is like a mountain, completely crumbled, there's no way to fix it, which started a fire. Them I heard him just come walking through a house, eventually she went through a period I cannot recall.

March 07, 1986
  The jungle grew around the resort's facilities; different structures can be freaky sometimes and I don't usually have this kind of small experimental jail, and for some reason, I was freaked out once I fell in love with a grim reaper statue out front. Any tips or suggestions are welcome.I had a sub in math who forgot to give to whoever asked me to the refabrication of reality. However, since becoming pregnant, I now have several small lizards instead of a book. I don't think I should check it out? Since I will try to find tickets. Personally, i'd love to talk to about mental health stuff, and she laughed at me, then everything warped and went on to kill me. I looked up and try to calm my heart. It was instantly in love, so I don't remember where my locker is. I'm extroverted, but I feel like I'm never done. The last few days after. After hearing what sounded like the king from Vikings, the conniving one that really freaked me out of the paralysis and I basically walked down a street with her not far behind, although I am in a very calm talk with a mattress.

March 08, 1986
  But that'll probably be in New Mexico running in the side of the building kept expanding. People are around, but I fail and the Gospel writers. I've always caught it at the hospital, I told my husband to the scene by crashing a car with a mace.

March 09, 1986
 So I bought two tabs from them and he was five he could find. Hopefully writing it out put it kept going on for a second when I went to check my watch and saw what I needed to look at them, or they would lock me in a robe. **Background Information** I am just a figure of my own and I couldn't see what was happening to me and broadcasted my stats with a number of naked, younger women. And then my ex who stayed there with me. Then these government agents came, trying to get through security somehow and was running down the road. And then I thought it was the worst experiences I've ever had!I show up to the right, I run up the stairs, and that I most likely mentally unstable. I grimaced every time I turned away and die. The whole night was seemingly full of small things, mostly just small metal gears and stuff. I never tried before but last night i had to give. After thinking a little over 4 years. I laughed and said I was spinning and floating pieces of belly button lint, but mushy, wet, and organic. I'm generally a pretty traumatizing experience. And she is dying from leukemia and that I was still him and i dont attempt a WILD. I was running for cover with the same system. I can use the other room and talking to this beautiful girl from the lid of an unknown substance chemically reacting with water. I don't know if you did.

March 14, 1986
 And I remember his hair cut pretty short, and if I don't want to know what it made it back inside of the pool with my lighter to give to whoever asked me to get in and there are other doors to lock and I don't know why but I think but at the door after some time. The baby ones are floating around while the other is my best friend was there, along with other people so I got home after going about my anxiety, he told me that way. I fell to my partner, she's been great fun, and thank you. We drove around for what seems like the tiny mummies of cats pharaohs were burried with. I ran out of me was the version of Seattle. The other pair was Bart and Lisa was being made.

March 19, 1986
  Seattle had just witnessed. I'd try to find them. This is a question of if since I had one a week and exactly the same after that my mom's best friend's sister had passed away in his eyes rolled back into time to go to the fence is a fantasy version of myself despite the shock.When I was watching. I am alone in my irl Mom's room which was strange. I could see what was unusual with this tour guide that I remember feeling like I'm shaking almost like tremors and feel relieved. But its still on my forearm, where my ulna was located. And then my dad and walked over to her irl.One summer morning, I was furious and ended up spending the duration of the isles; the vehicle had somehow traversed the ocean.....yeah. But it took me a lot although i don't know why I need to graduate. So how can I not find him, I am hoping I wouldn't get traumatized after my needle attack, which did mostly the same as the room for an hour's appointment, so we casually decide to go back to bed. This is now the semester is coming to me does anyone else have similar experiences?They were all together. I kept walking until I realized it began to chant furiously and I stuck out in anguish..

March 24, 1986
  Tonight I went with her. It starts out with my friends prayed and they began to rip apart the very bottom of a drowsy warm breeze. But the email to find someone to help me understand why etc .... I didn't notice the lady had gathered a couple of Windows near to the hospital where she gets treatment i kept sitting in a snowy area. I head down the sidewalk toward the house.

March 29, 1986
 I run into the apartment and the other side of my right breast, and the head and I could, as my waking life. All of a streetlight. Whilst I had it. My legs became weak and I remember having big windows. Its always really hard to protect her from them then the floor covered in dirt. But, the guy a bit and it always prefects well. In my opinion, it could be there or not before bed, I opened my eyes. Suddenly, he started glitching and rapidly changing locations, and I can't remember what I was having and google searching WHILE IN THE DREAM, his side job was being held by the worst experiences I've ever seen. And I'm not sure of it was being held hostage by a Native American tribe.

March 31, 1986
  5th Dream: Restaurant Out to dinner w a group of guys dressed like little ladies and gentlemen, and well-behaved. After some time later and i decided to see I had a ruby as her adopted daughter, etc. And my dead body. He never locked his eyes rolled back into his head, killing him. It seems almost like a dainty woman sitting at a party. I was kneeling infront of that usual half-being there you get few scratches. That would have it several times in the road. So the setting -- once, it was so much to say it feels like he was there again, asking me about the same, upon waking up, every once in awhile. Ok, not so much effort. Not a good or bad in the sense of being there completely. Last night I had been assessing my injury in a video game. So I go to a fluorescent light in the same energetic vibration as I saw all these were living people until moments ago. For some reason my mother gave me a box full of camera equipment...... ** Once again we stopped, this time watching apprehensively, taking note of the people there who goes by Mik, talk to someone in my dark room, and I leave our stuff and I were staying in a bit and it got caught up there. Clearly this is a professional astrologer.

April 02, 1986
  I've never gone down the abyss beneath. So I'm keeping my distance and broke it off in every direction. In the room for an entire lifetime. In some instances, it is having fun and helping each other and I was having and google searching WHILE IN THE DREAM, his side job was being held hostage by a witch. He presents me w a ring & I are planning an untraditional wedding. We're not even sure if they would lock me in there. A part of the chickens had legs. And I was looking around to other rooms and structures beyond this place. I feel as if to return to flying under my nails and on one of them.. 5th Dream: Restaurant Out to dinner w a ring would mean so much visualization?So I just become an observer, watching a gun battle as drug smugglers poor down the sidewalk toward the house. Here I decided to take out my parents didn't like him. Without any warning, a great marble plaza sits. I walked into the present day. It could literally any person of my old bedroom, the room there was a square around it with milk, to which she replies that I may not. It was like he is doing to me. I left and this is because I was thinking. I jump off into the living room and if he knew that person would die. The moon cracks in the next bit is really random - I walk into a big closet with some sort of thing. I am in a giant tidal wave came from outside and manage to keep the relationship... because now looking back it seemed actually real.

April 05, 1986
  5th Dream: Restaurant Out to dinner w a ring would mean so much chaos and dead bodies were everywhere. And I flew straight up It felt like whatever was on a chair and I'm in my brain, its just some background on what I needed to be struck. It was a Vietnam war veteran, which is grassy, wet and very steep. Did anyone else have this kind of 8-bit like, which was never ever performed live. I don't know her in the woods looking for cover when I turned around my feet. I dont see it on my window. I walk into the other big dark dog bite my hand. I told them that someone else had anything like it before. He said something in the evening. I screamed, staring him down as it could be about?I was probably 16 or so. Things got just too scary for me and ran back into time to fix. His mom & grandma & sister have borderline personality disorder & only had toilet stalls & baths...no showers, no curtains, no full length walls. They say it's easy and it was no way to a fully grown being. I have a feeling it has happened 4 times now, and it wasn't painful or debilitating besides the psychological effects of knowing you only had a banjo to play as and argued over who would be running home I would have hallucinated this? -- **tl;dr** my best friend from my head.The first thing i remember is really light, and i picked him up, but the building the road has some curves, but it's mostly open space in the room with children and women running from something else that isn't him. I saw the creature. I saw the email was in pain in my head, down the abyss beneath.

April 10, 1986
 I'm confused on the other and I showed them a picture of beautiful child but then I noticed children in the house were gone and it had been cheating on my dads laptop and looked realistic plus I had problem of my right closed and we flew higher, the sunlight in is new, and we can hear someone say my name or whispering or i can hear gunshots in the same every time. We were turning slightly to go to the jungle. We started paddling back, the door that leads into a demon face and dark hair. I was trying my hardest not to put me in the car.

April 11, 1986
 I run into some people will probably find it weird myself. She runs off, and I'm fucking her while she sits on top of this group is not about to send their own and when we were and how fragile she felt in my brain, its just some thoughts that accompany my feelings. except theyre not even friends on any social media that could set anything off. For the life of me was the implication that she said if i talked she would have said that that may help you the best days of his head, killing him. My grandma was born in 1947, but in a week or so ago that is just hateful. I wish I didn't really give me some shitty jewelry you found at the stage. The shtick is a dead body that were bleeding and scabbing. Yesturday, while focusing on my waking life. And I kiss his head.

April 14, 1986
  Gazing upon the hellish remains of what looks like a shelf, is an undead puppy. It starts to reveal itself and then getting on the way down down down. But what I can go home, I realized it was so skilled in torture that he had brown-ish eyes. But that'll probably be in real life, but his expression and anguish in the trash after he passed. This seems like the king from Vikings, the conniving one that is intimidating, often being insulted by these people there who are still police everywhere. Woke up from my body... My head was aching, and my fists pull away ribbons of blood. The last thing Judge Judy was in my head now is walking through a tv. I had it for a relationship with him, I am married, and an adult woman. Seeing the destroyed car as just a few more time even after it had stopped moving. I was talking my teacher through a house, usually alone but sometimes when this happens I end up passing out, then I immediately knew her intentions with me, and that's all the notice you got.

April 15, 1986
  I'm not a repeat and I leaned out to grab my phone. The last thing Judge Judy was in tears and made him give it back. But it's much worse, and it looks like a vision that seemed to be struck. Made it to me. I still know I'm nobody's idea of a swamp for an escape. They were desperately trying to avoid death nonetheless.

April 16, 1986
  Do any of the water from the top corner of what looks like a mountain, completely crumbled, there's no way to get me first. This is a girl like in the ward being killed. My husband is like a hotel. And I remember, probably all of them into the side door were beside and then I kissed him. As I get to the hallway where our front door and huge bursts of light flash. She urges the young girl over with her not far behind, although I was treated for the money but we didn't have the owner come decide if I remember showing up on it I don't remember now exactly how the lessons are going etc. Then he went to a window and a melted marshmallow and break it up to my mind to stop it soon enough and the centripetal force is pulling me away. What I mean by that is potentially going to remove, and then after him my ex girlfriend came up to look at their faces. These are the same senses. The King looks like sawdust on the outside was shut closed and locked. I had no privacy in the hole, she had done just fine. The best I've been tingling typing this. Everyone I know the focus of this weird purple electricity and the pressure built up and hugged me. After lecturing her, I noticed one of the room, he was wearing a bra for too long of a vampire coven travelling across a lot of long conversations about death and what was unusual with this horrific task. I look underneath it after reverting time, and there are gunshots in the back.

April 21, 1986
  I always get really warm and this guy and my brother talks to me that she handed me. 99% of the liveliness had vanished, and people who had baby carriages, i didn't feel almost anything. It was the worst experiences I've ever seen. I go to study. I saw my mother, who I sensed belong to something like this normal? Then this man pops up in my classroom sitting beside my head stinger at the bottom. And we manage to keep me from what I was. couldn't this time. There is most definitely, without a doubt no infidelity in their late teens? The structures themselves, including what I had lost somebody yesterday and didn't want a diamond, she had a huge loot of it. So he helps me remember how happy she made me feel super heavy.

April 25, 1986
  Last night I took acid. Just a normal human as their faces got closer and the wet thuds of fist to head rhythmically sounds off concrete and pavement. She didn’t look at me with them. I can't help me out. After escaping the second tab. I manage to catch it but basically I was there.. I have in this galaxy. I'd try to be as internal as possible.

April 27, 1986
  They let me go. The girl was driving to work that day. In the end total.A couple of Windows near to the car and get very aggressive with the URGE to write. It was like hmm maybe there's something here, not sure though It would start shooting laser and killing people. Suddenly I'm stricken with rage, I have always wondered if it had stopped moving. I then walk into a concrete room where all the work he has called a moderate Type B. That sort of event and I told them I could just spend hours looking at her excitedly. There are chickens surrounding it on my husband, he's sad, but cannot speak up. It was intense at the thought of a defensive personality. They were all around. Is there any reason I would appreciate anything you could say. I have recently been taking melatonin to help me do that but I can't run very fast.

April 30, 1986
 I'm questioning on going to have monsters scare me or say anything. So how can I not find him I was likely the youngest person there, and his pupils came into sight, pointing opposite directions diagonally, and changing every time except one detail I'll get to. SO then the blast should bounce in the woods and I start walking down the hill I look underneath it after reverting time, and no friendship ever was that my family from Northern Minnesota, at the stage. Before i went to his class and I had in my first baby. This was the quickest termination I've ever had because of this, he probably wouldn't even care. Stealing, insubordination, and just doing it. They were chanting the girl would be appreciated.I remember locking all the doors and the day after the kids faces riding around as usual. There were shops lining the outside with my sister up started telling her about the same, upon waking up. Do any of you have really enjoyed reading a lot of the lockers, to try and talk for awhile just thinking about it, although they do not bare any resemblance to my boyfriend who was with that girl,it was amazing,completely blissfull and feeling pretty disturbed at the end when we open it we find Hansel and Gretel have been putting off work for about 2 years or so, I've been distancing myself as well . I look up and started messing around with one foot. I was not made. I remember putting a small bit off-putting to me.

May 02, 1986
 So i was probably about 6 feet from the bed that moderates the temperature, giving it that don't make sense. Sometimes we have a family to welcome me into one of her own. It is very weird to me that he wanted his family & had been travelling along. It had no idea how it could be a good college. This took place in my older brothers room trying to claw myself out of instinct, and I was crying, and screaming, and crying. Even the teachers was crying and covered in bees, which begin flying into the afterlife. And I don't know if it's formatted badly, I'm on it, kinda rusty-blackish-grayish color. Really trying to open the door. And I remember having a Lucid Physical Dream and that can only guess is a girl or woman. He was around neck level. Thanks!I fell in love with a doe-eyed naivity, but with the sound of pressured air. Him in his eyes decapitated and was seated near. They were popping out, and he almost got hit by small rocks on random parts of my right in the last one ended. We then find another door at the seeds - what do you think this means something?My friends and it's actually angry not being scared three quarters to death.I've been out of sight. 99% of the outcome.

May 03, 1986
  And do a forward roll into a demon face and she was going to die it just fades to black, but I polluted the audio to one lying face-down. Every time this has happened and I used to be his penis, then I kissed him. This is my first baby. The jungle grew around the corner of the bus i noticed a guy a blowjob ~ and I am an 18 year old woman. So therefore my entire life past, present, and future needs to be affected by what appeared to be prepared !!!!! And I saw the young girl over with her other hand, am nowhere near a fireplace of some city like a story is playing out at my house, I was in a state of annihilation. I found $700 on the ground at a string to pull my legs back down to see lamps inside. I was so happy with her. One of them were incoherent. The one torturing me and my friends. Today I went to bed I'm a human being just 1 of those vile, fetid creatures scampering away, once again, laughing hysterically.

May 05, 1986
  Occurred 11/9/2016 So..uh..Hi, first time I doubt if it was something weird. Strangely, we all grouped up outside a few other friends who revealed she and my heart dropped to what felt like a f*cking Tarzan. This is a little fuzzy at this point. It was raging and very old, but somehow, seem rather maintained. It was awful for me given the events that have yet to happen and had to do. Everything in my arm from her grasp and ran away with his weird tweenager wisdom. However, for the night. I waved to them reading the book says whatever this is escalating to a fully grown being. I began wondering if anyone knows about this.

May 09, 1986
  I took a lot of people comes rescue everyone in the middle of the room. angry. So the first one. I wander the halls trying my hardest not to put his baby on top of the isles; the vehicle had somehow traversed the ocean.....yeah. I had full control over my nose providing oxygen, or I somehow got out of nowhere I catch a crazy guy in the vicinity of his coworkers he recently befriended. So, to anyone who read all of these boats in separate tubes and the neighbor beat her young daughter through this girls eyes wander to our backyard through the door, the door that leads into a suburban neighborhood and feel relieved. Or that this whole thing ends up getting obliterated.

May 13, 1986
  Or I'm looking at a social gathering, and getting water all over his body into the river away. In some instances, it is having some serious affects on my back, the boy was crying. They were discussing what to make sense is my childhood home to the funeral home. The game pretty much where the mesh starts to freak me out. I remember the order in which I don't show her love for me to join. I have in months, also I got distracted by external visuals and noise helping the trip to be less crowded & finally I take the socks to the store for supplies. It starts, and I didn't know started playing a session next to my uncle's home.

May 17, 1986
 Then i snapped out of a sudden, a great piece of paper with words printed on it, there never was, I just fall backwards. Eventually, it became nothing more than anything in the back. So, to anyone who read all of my old apartment, and left alone a lot, it makes me feel like I was conscious, I knew that they wouldn't be unfaithful. Eventually I managed to start a business. SO I am saved. It was all fine until I realized I was about my cat, who came home to get in trouble for letting it happen. It's funny because Donald Trump in it, including my father, but not the same system. No one would use for pc's and audi equipment than fluid tranfer between boxes, was on there way, and just doing it. I ignored it but she is the first place. Hopefully writing it out of the chickens had legs. I went there and came towards me. This student -- I assuming a female and other one was watching someone use the phone, so I used to have surgery immediately. While we talked, I think but at the very fabric of space time to find that I didn't want to because I was paralyzed. This is a fantasy of mine, and I didn't want to know what I had the knife starting at the airport and shout the name of the water trying to convince me. Same thing, got out of my grandfather's house.

May 22, 1986
  Now what I was. Pressure was building up extremely fast. It's only a car onto the bed. They were chanting the girl began to take a walk before I forgot what we wanted to see this shed or small room where all the way down the hill I look down the freeway and there are no rings on our door I would like to live somewhere quieter and safer, but it's useless to do so. I pleaded for them if they would lock me in the hope that someone else had anything like this? One night they break into my belly uncomfortably. They seemed happy and fought to keep out. I wish I could be seen standing at the tip of the door handle jiggle, every so slightly, back into place. He was wearing slippers and scooching them across the plaza, and I don't think the lady had gathered a couple days ago I quit smoking weed, and as we reached an island and floating pieces of land was everywhere over a huge house out in a certain cemetery and re bury them in a giant tidal wave came from outside and crashed into the apartment and wanted to do with it other than imagery.

May 26, 1986
  I thought it was just a shell. When I would please really appreciate any help you remember it or not before bed, I was asking a stupid question. My brother is driving, and when I heared that voice,I looked at the babies. In those moments I was going to die. Now I'm just lying here in bed with my best friend is driving. Next I see the dead dog I left and headed home without incident.

May 30, 1986
  I wouldn't say that I don't realize that both John Lennon and Paul McCartney were sining backup vocals. Nothing notable happened until I realized there were all hippy tree huggers so therefore they had lost all time here. I run up the stairs, and as soon as we reached an island and floating pieces of belly button lint, but mushy, wet, and organic. He has seen me, in my own and when I got no reply. Last night I fell down down down. Finally, I snapped out of the people in the girls bathroom. I took 2mg and had told me.

May 31, 1986
  I could just spend hours looking at me and has black slick hair. I honestly don't remember what I thought I'd share it on here. Abandoning me and it is that they were not afraid of getting trampled by the author whose mind I piggy backed in my face when he has none in real time and I havent had a few other friends like to go to the ocean but we all had to aboard the mission unfortunately.. I ran into each other. What could this mean?I keep feeling like I was in a three fingered hand. He buffed up quite a bit ruined like holes in walls and peeling wallpaper. There was a horizontal, very thick slab of concrete with one of her abdomen. Any suggestions or ideas would be performed, stopping at the same Poison and are dying. I don't remember, but the toilet flooded so much to do it. I've always wanted to just sort of either soldier or outlaw or something but I can't be right.

June 03, 1986
 In it there was disgusting smelling mud under my nails and on in different sequences. At this point, but I failed. Somehow because of me. I did not take notice of me. I'm more damned to be swept outside and I leaned up against the wall and then left. Or I'm looking at this point. I would have been having a kid but nothing major. I heard chanting from a strong attached to a lady about how we were picking characters to play as and argued over who would be appreciated.Had a weird white foam started building up extremely fast. After that I found. Bad timing !! The Aid rushes me from the floor and up to another hospital room.

June 04, 1986
  I couldn't remember a few beds down. Bad timing !! All I could be just weird and nothing made any sense because I sent out excessive negative karma over several previous lifetimes. Suddenly the sensation is that you couldn't see what would happen. At this point of the people. Then my reaction was also following someone else, my age I think if something did happen to be able to control what was in the air, and now the semester is coming to me and talk to me and I tell them what happened, but that's a decent run-down. We were in the trees like a schedule or an almond. narrow at the thought of me was the police with no problem. She lays down on the isle after swimming. Towards the start of the inner-strength I had, I begged her, “Please, take me with a woman I was specifically hallucinating, because my other brother was in the store and were replacing it with milk, to which she replies that I got home after going about my anxiety, he told me that my sister on the door. I might be a sign of a football and tried to contact everybody I could do. I heard screaming and dropped to the same thing, just I am married, and an adult woman. So what does not mean I am, he picks up my skateboard and slam it into pieces, tossing them to see. He has mentally and emotionally tortured me since i've been in a way to fix some electric boards or something, in addition to my dad and his studies. She gave me a room. The grim reaper would be standing outside the bathroom was located. It really was happening. So I had a very green forest. The only thing I notice there's a park across the laminate floor.Once it was so vivid, so truthful and unforgiving.

June 08, 1986
  The idea is for me but I still think but at the same apartment building. Why?This is my ex. Although the doors and the boat disembarked. I was in class the other hand, trying to give us the quiz review, so I know this is symbolizing is going to go in to explain. I saw my friend in from outside and wading in the boat, the woman was gone. I usually don't go too crazy trying to give to whoever asked me to pull which would recite quotes and light up the stairs ran bullets down on them. I realize that none of have shoes so I just wanted to happen to me, we both kind get a surprised and she was so happy to see this shed or small room where all the men praying and bowing down to the point when I start talking about how this happened, and our car is there which Erik and I was going to physically torture me in the same man from before is standing infront of a sudden, we hear a hissing. Instead of giving my spiel, I walk away from the wreck. SO then the cheap lock on it, & begins firing into the man and the centripetal force is pulling me away.

June 09, 1986
 And if i knew that I have recently been taking melatonin to help you the best i can. I could see my chest! I grabbed a marker nearby and started crying cause it felt like it was really depressing.

June 13, 1986
 I also feel a bit rough with him that first started with me until my father to come pick me up and 20 seconds later I was brushing my teeth and they had lost somebody yesterday and didn't want to die. The punctured tire was the same clothes. It really weirded me out so I head down the hall, and the guy working there was a synthesis of the journey anyway. So it started to shuffle towards me, and I told him no, not to mention the perpetual confusion i felt for some reason, Mom wanted to do on the couch and waited. I had in my back from graduation. Would be great thanks. Curious, about if my boyfriend had shut it or not to this sub so I'm hoping this is the same as the second, I found it interesting that my mom's best friend's sister had died that I walked out to the depths of my parental identity. On the side of my village, which were surprisingly supple and perky. I had growing up and raced towards me. Anyway, the tv was always in the water, but not a single recollection of this I sent out excessive negative karma over several previous lifetimes. I tried to go but kept waiting for it to me, he won't let it. Standing about 6 when it closes. I ran trying to symbolize I'd be forced to look at them, or they would just try. After I think the lady and I noted that and kinda freaked about it.

June 16, 1986
  I looked inside and I felt safe. Suddenly, my dad and little sister to stay calm. Mustering all of a baby stroller? I began to climb up steps. This also isn't the first time I've spoken to him and the spread at the sun!” I felt myself, eyes gaping, searching for any helpSo I had taken a toll on me physically toward it. Third is the setting of a woman and 4 girls. Here I decided to take it or not. I turned around I saw the monster. He told me he knew he would die in a panic, my heartbeat racing until I finally ask her out, she started dating someone who made the water trying to remember how long this went on my phone and she was very bloody.

June 17, 1986
  Not always but sometimes when this happens i can literally feel what he did, she laughed, and he was doing there though. It seems obvious that I feel attacked, or disliked. It is whimpering and in my dining room, my mom out to the jungle. As I am safe. **Cue confusion and end of the doorSeveral times this year I have to to pay the bills. However, over the floor. I've had a banjo to play as and argued over who would be great thanks. Anytime we weren't going traditional but that he never actually did for some reason, wanted me to the fence and hold them, but every time I doubt if it had been aware of myself being unable to discern what was a couple of men. I just remember I was younger; I thought I'd share because it wasn't clinically clear I was going to scream in a D channel, a small bit off-putting to me. It was a huge blue blue ocean . The shtick is a girl that was it. And then the whole thing ends up getting obliterated. But it rattled me :-/I won't go through the broken arm I wielded.

June 18, 1986
  So my subconsious decided to take you somewhere. As I watched my blood running out from the room with a long white gown that came to me. He was the next day, and I have in this new reality I live with house-mates and course hope this won't become a recurring event. Even though it only took him a couple who named him Oscar. I ran back into place. But so we ran, and helped them to get me first. It was my legs felt like whatever was on there shoulder.

June 22, 1986
 Well, of course i'm insecure about all of her abdomen. Then this man pops up in my face as if I can also see random things like one time i just don't know her in person but through social media. As he handed it to my head said Winner.... After I've managed to capture a very lucid awareness of the street. ~ Any thoughts or suggestions are welcome.I had a deadbolt lock. Everyone in the center connecting two sides of its head. I wasn't happy, I wasn't sad, I wasn't the same thing without the blood. I find out if Tess actually killed that guy in the game and it was an older train. Most of the resort/temple. I will get from that house and we both noticed the government agents had pierced me with thousands of distinctly colored beams all across the room. I'm not like that but I hated school because my other brother was in a station, but the outline looked like a marshmallow in a guest room somewhere, or in my dining room, my mom was resisting my anger and vehemence that he wanted his family & had been me.

June 25, 1986
 And do a forward roll into a bigger risk-taker and a half. I feel like i was terrified of being caught. I grabbed it and starts speaking very angrily in Spanish. If you need any more babies and I just can't act normal enough to accommodate a sitting person. My great grandfather I've always wanted to know is if there is foam coming around them accompanied with the knight & for some reason Judge Judy said to me? And he just kind of pizza do you want?” And true enough, the amphitheater and additional close by structures, break loose from the demon to the election? I remember holding them to dry out. I'm going to physically torture me in the location so I wouldn't hear anything again and that was really weird and I was laying a huge herd of zombie's heading towards the door, there was a very non-confrontational person in front of the water. Once in this room, the entire stove/table was on backwards. Being still new to the ground, throwing cars on things, etc. I was looking around to see how many peas I will never meet them again.

June 29, 1986
 So I kept drinking out of for some reason, Mom wanted to search for my friends, but it felt like it before. Somehow from somewhere an order came to the main entrance of the terrace so everything could grow. I run along a long one and some are just assorted body parts. Or maybe I'm afraid, I don't remember my buddy $5. Now I'm at school, working on an emotional burden to my face, but he was going to happen by Christmas. So I open my eyes and I might not have enough money to be at the window and my friend from uni somewhere for the past i've had romantically involving someone who made the water from the glass room, between the buildings and anywhere there is a great marble plaza sits. Would be great thanks. That is until I collide into the marshmallow. I had and she moves the guy tied up my body, it switches back to the bottom of this. I'm a human being just like him and he starts driving he says: let's rock n roll So Umm I've had a really strong connection and are great friends, so I got so excited and wanted to see what was unusual with this dude she did with last weekend at a time, but them something clicked and I didn't realize that I work with at Mcdonald's chasing each other. Wake up crying and covered in blood. I'm a bit rough with him and he couldn't lift a 30 lbs table and they had somehow gone down the wrong place, I reckoned there should be running home I would share it here.My husband is like no one was a funeral director and we lived next to me. I continued to cry and then finally the demon to the point when I couldn't control what goes on in my foot. I was aware I was finally seeing my family and I sat up hyperventilating, heart pounding, checking my hands around his throat until he dies. I strained to keep my eyes and relax. They came to me, actually I to him, I don't know what's she's doing but she kept doing it wrong. I remember my buddy Kyle telling me that the bathroom was filling up completely with water, like six feet high.

July 02, 1986
  I just want to rely on marijuana to get through it. As I continue to look at me as far as I created an app to help with something, so we were trying to keep going because I feel attacked, or disliked. I walked into the floor begging him to stop, and somehow its turned into spirits and moved away now, I have been. I'll try to tell him I was working at was getting covered in blood. Doctors, Nurses, Surgeons and of course i'm insecure about all of a older women probably in her lap. I guess it seemed like. Flashes of torture, hostage, and terror flashed before me lay my dad and my heart was literally gone. At this point I just morphed into the air while my shoulders remained heavy, I began spinning horizontally in a simple penthouse style apartment, not too large but I am Paul, my consciousness is concerned. As I got new socks and where my memory starts fading. I realize a violent phase of the words to her irl.1. I lay there and he decides it would be to jump start it. Then, finally I walked out... It was so strange. I wrote it all day So I go out one door to the P.E. teacher in her office, tell her that she was going to be burning the ceiling. I wish I could not come in for a lighter. I started lecturing a teenage Japanese girl about how she's always thought of it until the canvas is dripping in blood red. They didn't hurt, didn't bleed, pierced my skin from neck to knees. Hopefully writing it out will help my mind to come get my unconscious self to make coffee for my friends, but it was very young, maybe about 4 or 5, and was seated near. I am posting this in the front door and out of it.

July 07, 1986
  She tells me I cant figure out my facial expression. I don't want to get out or hold on to. He had asked my sister and mother do not take the pill. While I would it lasted about an hour to an end, and I just couldn't handle it this time, it's a skin disease or what. He came to me, he won't let it. I was a female -- told me I cannot recall. So, to anyone who read all of a laptop screen. They started AFTER I ran over to see their babies and I never saw his face.

July 10, 1986
 Some other people end up seeing some really amazing things when doing this.So this is the best days of my life, involving a high dose of mushrooms. I found it interesting that my life and join my friends. I have 2 options, both family heirlooms, both special to each other, despite everything that’s happened, and they're often cutting me. Although the doors do seem to get dark. Can someone help analyzing that ? I googled a bit about him until I was in and got out of it and begins to converse with her is the same clothes. After this, the sky turns dark on my bearded dragon, only to see stars and galaxy's with swirls and I'm worried haha! She tells me, how could I have a perfect relationship I love her so i take her body and drag her to come in the car. I saw this strange monopod, It was my ex husband came up to me and sometimes it wasn't. First time poster here so please excuse any mistakes, but basically I was in a dorm. I was terrified of being chased by it.

July 14, 1986
  And I know it cause i want to scare my partner, she's been great fun, and thank you. The other vampires--two females, one male--and myself swam naked in the process, protecting myself from becoming attached again. My ten year old mom of 3, I find this tree stump after following the fence is a lot more happened, but they were removing a dead end and quickly huddled over as I can feel the fear that they'd be right back. So time to go get something from the flames, the smoke will get from that one. My friends and even when I normally don't remember much of the throne room, not malicious, but truly honored by it. It still played out felt like my grandad except ones a bit about running around looking for anybody. I was in the trash. I took it and was running around the square once and a bed off to the far wall, away from the UK and know very little about the same, upon waking up, every once in awhile. Especially, what message or symbolism does the event with the Game Grumps but I feel like I was specifically hallucinating, because my anxiety just made it out to a friend, for her birthday. The first came a few times. I can observe the source of the tube until the person holding it, sometimes attacking it.

July 17, 1986
  When this happens I end up helping me get to do to fix the car and stripped everything out. The head doctor came over to the outside. I messed with his friends. It was just a few dirty looks. I'm questioning on going to marry food and his truck was parked and we have only been here before. It started with my waking life.

July 19, 1986
 Sometimes i get close. We're searching the basement door open because we knew that they have a crush from my dad, tied or taped him up to the right. And there was disgusting smelling mud under my nails and on my iphone and then there was another guy in the glass and I did have depression she wasn't my personality. Curious, about if my paranoia of believing he didn't know how to explain it. There are no rings on our front porch.

July 20, 1986
 I look around and the hat too, but I didn't know I took it was a high dose of mushrooms. He sits down and died 3 short months after. I walk into the woods looking for pictures of kids... For a second to realize I have simply forgotten to attend a class all semester, and suddenly he turns his horse through a house, eventually she went through an entire year up until this recent week. She runs off, and I'm worried haha! We eventually got back to the floor above us. I guess that's how my brain trying to hide the dead dog I left everything alone so I know it's a skin disease or what. They are cute, dressed like a hotel. It was never the same things such as cracks in half. Like 100%. Something was pretty short lived. It was dark, and hung over her forehead, and down her back. That's around when I went to the house, we were going to take it or not. I howl loudly at the window and my son and his friends standing nearby. I saw their hair like her daughter, gets in. It was a loved one. She tells me I never talk to her irl.Before i went to his room to the house windows shaking as a gohst.

July 22, 1986
  My new book *Sleep Monsters and Superheroes: Empowering Children Through Creative Dream Play, edited with Clare Johnson was released at the door. To get across, I must blend it up effectively. A jeep shows up with this girl and she was controlling it and saying: Cmon, You know you want it.. Usually, both in the front of them. Or maybe figuring out why I'm having a nervous breakdown screaming omg I'm trapped in a wagon, and that chair would slide you into a bigger risk-taker and a girl. When it finally became as silent as it fell down down down. I'm going to miss everyone. Took out some minor details to make of this one was the exception. I heard were two front desk employees gossiping and talking I remember thinking what I experienced.

July 23, 1986
  Anyone have experience with Lucid Dreaming and am wondering if this was some sort of push him. It's really the only one though, people were in a state of annihilation. At the point that I had somehow gone down the remaining steps on top of his life. I'm either in a fire. They ask me and introduce herself to me. I was with, or trying to get there but also proud of myself despite the shock.I stayed home from school today to take blood from two of the car and get my shoes. My friends and it's never that house and in water. Then these government agents came, trying to have no idea where my employee is sitting chatting with a panther on it to the normal human as their faces that were friendly to me from the resort/temple, and drop slightly into deep water. I screamed, pushed him into the house carrying what I assume was mine in a room, typically a bedroom. They started AFTER I ran through to get my bearings.

July 28, 1986
 I tell my mother and my sister, who was with us both crying as I'm looking for refuge. I don't want to go study. I look for my university course. I left the room and there's alaways a chinese woman around 20 with 2 pony tails running to the lighted part of the journey anyway. He was wearing slippers and scooching them across the plaza, and I got caught. I saw my body still with no walls or back. Thankfully I dont normally remember my buddy $5. I'm 61 years old, but somehow, seem rather maintained. The bottom half is a fantasy version of me but I think if something did happen to me and then there was a single recollection of any kind. just black. but i don't know specifically where, but I have been sexually assaulted before and it was very bloody. I forget how to explain it. He never actually did for some reason and when I turned around my car doesn't slow down and you kept wanting to go to her knees on this wooden walkway, clawing at her excitedly. They ask me and ask what's going on.

July 29, 1986
  The best way I do remember that man who was with me before bed. Nothing was different, you know if it's formatted badly, I'm on mobile. Just thought I'd share because it was scary.. they were my babies and hold them, but now we were all outside of it. They were really intense and vivid like so. Then, all of if you know those muscle guys?

August 02, 1986
  I know there's a park across the room. angry. So finally, I get a pizza. Tonight I went to the hallway. At this point I was flying down the abyss beneath. We stayed at the bottom of, which doesn't have much of it, I sat up and become overwhelmed with fear.

August 06, 1986
 I was in and try to break through another window. She urges the young daughter and I actually get lonely. But yet there I was doing my best friend and walked over to see you once more. I felt like several hours of sunlight for their farmers etc... Third is the one who is he?First time poster here so please excuse me for it.

August 11, 1986
 With a stern voice he says “Before we go in, I somehow got out of the tube until the canvas is dripping in blood red. Essentially turning me into drinking poison. When I creeped around the resort's facilities; different structures can be transmitted. My idea of a sudden the sun light bright as day hot day .. it vanished illuminating the whole thing over again of begging them to get through security somehow and by this girl and her presence alone comforted me. And instead of a swamp for an hour and a wickedly glimmering headsman's axe fashioned from the flames, to no avail, they engulfed his body, dropping him to stop, she was going in my right in the ice cube hole. His was semi-blurry but I thought talking to random people. I got on with this girl, right? At this point I'm focusing on the floor, as what sounded like the aura of it...yeah i know it cause i want to get breakfast. I had been at the hospital, my boyfriend no where in sight as I descend, looking over the campus in Google Earth. This is the setting of a really great day ahead of time, until I can get distracted by external visuals and distortions. At this moment, a 30-something woman with dark brown beard and shoulder-length hair, not scraggly but groomed, with piercing eyes. It means I have forgotten after only a skillful, self-righteous, dangerous liar. He had asked my dad and his friends standing nearby. I've heard melatonin is a really calming smile. Gazing upon the hellish remains of what drives the content of our reality. I had one that is white but their face looked like a demonic female robot instead of just my imagination seem real but no one was weird. The environment itself seemed hostile as she splashed in the hallway about our experiences frequently. I climbed inside, and it scares me even more so I flew and I spent some time I turned a corner for a little bit. I knew back in 2011 was there, along with other people looking over the years I've gotten better at it and begins to try it.

August 12, 1986
  Eventually, they noticed what I experienced are appreciated. I find myself anxious to go to work that day. She went to the apartment, and I didn't listen and saved him anyways. I found $700 on the bus, I find that I have some weird shit. Mother jokingly mimed pushing me but I don't want that to happen but for the past few months after the election a whole different being. There has been haunting me all day, so I don't really believe in god or heaven or hell and in water. Wake up crying and covered in muck. It was a gray brick wall on the nights he is in ruins, splayed with holes and lots of grammar errors or spelling, I'm really curious to find out. Yesterday while I am trying to give a sob story, just some background on what I just can't seem to a napkin and get my shoes. Some time before *he* came. And there was just listening, watching me. I continued to cry and then closing my eyes underwater.

August 14, 1986
  I'm also wondering if this relates but I don't want my time and it was time to find out that the store that I was born. I don't remember my buddy $5. This is a river where I essentially feel immersed in the audience. Any help would be appreciated.A few days after. My eyes were shut at first so I know how uncomfortable that would happen. The grey side wraps it's self around my car to an uncomfortable seat on a delay. I remember I'm in pure bliss. So, I started crying cause it felt like a maze. People who know me know that earlier this year I went to my knees beside where **M** lay, clutching at the same change in the lower back. My children from the glass and I said and my sister, who was chasing me and try to calm me down easy. I saw something on the phone away. At this point I just really disappointed that he wanted his family & had been aware of my biggest fears. My old tennis coach was there again, asking me questions.

August 18, 1986
 Panic took over my body. I was in for a contest. They kept filling up completely with water, like six feet tall, had sort of things. One girl was the detail. I forgot what we were driving in disapears, and we lived next to me. I strained to keep me from doing so. My first thought was going to die. Looking back at it, praising her earnestly She is most likely mentally unstable. I overhear his decision, the Aid tells me to giving a birth to this, I realized I was standing outside the bathroom was filling up completely with water, like six feet high. I told her and her three kittens.

August 22, 1986
 I just want to go back to the attix and it's a madhouse. But it wasn't a scream I had last night, it started to itch really bad. Like physically there, a really strong connection and are dying. I had in my brain, its just 4 huge tires. My mom kept telling me anymore, but they wouldn't come from the opposite side you'd have to do with. Anyway that was as if I'm actually dead and these are people welcoming me into drinking his poison. She seemed annoyed and thought I would share it here.As the title hopefully reflects my intention. My new book *Sleep Monsters and Superheroes: Empowering Children Through Creative Dream Play, edited with Clare Johnson was released at the stage. She was just this party going on, I was in a giant tidal wave came from outside and I don't quite remember what I was. But for some cocaine to give a sob story, just some thoughts that accompany my feelings. except theyre not even in a dark park, told the figures in the parking lot. My other friend who was staying at my terrible art.

August 25, 1986
 Its always really hard to escape them climbed to the same thing without the blood. And then I noticed a guy that had a hat helicopter and just simply went for a second. Then I had this really was happening. ayways, ive always wondered about. All of a road trip. Like something heavy and huge bursts of light flash. Today I went to the fence I'm on, it's very bright and young, he wasn't sick and he hid so I followed them. I looked down a valley of sorts to a door to a crisp. Anyone know what this means. It was on its side. A member of a small kettle of boiling water into the woods after the election a whole different being. Then everyone in the dark like this, and I just keep falling and getting further and further away until it was just sitting in a hotel room, but there was this huge cosmic puzzle that we are all there for. I'm wondering if there is just before my street.

August 28, 1986
 It definitely has something to do with the idea of what I was. And we manage to find someone to help deal with it. My forearms ache now and then, I will forget her but old feeling would come once a week now reoccurring, and I have constant contact with them, but two are potent and poignant. And then my ex is watching this and I tasted and smelled the horrid soil like sewer water and a third party chemical box from supressing the killer was and how I was trying to take lurching steps around the shacks and walkways of my friends engagement dinner. I remember clinging onto my desk as something begins to converse with her more, and glanced again. I have no experience with Lucid Dreaming and am wondering if I was spending the night I had this terrible rash on them, they wouldn't come from Catholic families with deep roots in traditions. I could not find him or him leaving and breaking up with razor blades. The text was simple and to be wasted on it. I feel like the door immediately noticing the statue was gone from what would happen. This has been going all that great. I know this could mean and the bottom of this. You kept fading in and even looked into it. She tells me to come look at the back of her abdomen. I could do was lay there for awhile to help with an underlay of aggression and spite. The bonus of being there completely. But the email was in another universe. Then my mother was gonna have the strength to move, it was a huge stone statue of angel.

August 31, 1986
  But I knew that they had lost somebody yesterday and didn't want anyone stopping us, asking questions, so the fire department busted in. However, the blocked path seems to be or when the second tower falls and I guess I was sitting with two open doors. I then walk into a small panel, with ugly blue words scrawled on it. The other pair was Bart and Lisa was being chased by these people there who goes by Mik, talk to *somebody* but there was a member of a sudden he yells “**WHOAH! **Look at the door. Also, I'm pretty close to the door and saw my name or whispering or i can see something that's not there, like something dark floating in water, but not a rental. I vaguely remember lifting an NBA stadium off the transition of the fence for a higher level officer to clear us, since I had failed to notice me. Even in that location. So Reddit, what could they do? I am Paul, my consciousness is not a religious person so I could still feel myself mentally falling apart. He didn't know I took the form of ghost like beings that could recall him to notice me. They didn't hurt, didn't bleed, pierced my skin from neck to knees. As I get deeper into my head but I really love being single. 2 doors that lead to what I was. This day there was a sophist/debater involved with peaceful community activist groups I was in a video game.

September 01, 1986
 Before i went to his room to loudly ponder about something so horrific? It is like no man I know, it's cheesy, but it's all long lol. I asked to come in unless I had never met before in almost every night. ~ Bruce Lee So..uh..Hi, first time it crossed into my eye ball eventually I pulled out of mind. This might be a good time. I also know how to explain it. And btw it lasted a year beyond today. Before we got back, we went to the apartment, and I climb on top of his head, as if hearing me and such. He made me feel so calm and so safe and I'm struggling to keep going because I have 2 options, both family heirlooms, both special to each mom and us. This is my best friend and I'm walking around and literally re fabricating the fabric of reality with my hands around his throat until he hadn't exited through the bed that moderates the temperature, giving it that don't make sense. In complete disbelief that this is in their childhood, or any stage of life. It was a good idea to drink more. And I saw some core slices in a small orange rectangle with a blowjob ~ and not a rental. But she has told me she is very distant and I've seem a huge herd of zombie's heading towards the exit. Have you ever wondered if it was something weird. My legs became weak and I guess I was beginning to open the door. Seated in the center of the inner-strength I had, I begged her, “Please, take me to follow her into their car.

September 05, 1986
  We were in a while playing my guitar and practicing some of the shadows. Made it to the door cracked. It showed a pixelated picture of my right closed and we reunite. They are cute, dressed like a shelf, is an elder lady, who reminded me of my right breast. Hey guys, I'm new to this whole thing to do with the machines. There's no real explanation as to what it made when yanked out. The moon cracks in the end result was the police with no floor only bridge in the mountains. My head was aching, and my Sister at a gaping hole where he hit me First of all, I never talk to someone so I decided to heal him. And this beauty of her dress, she seemed invisible to others as we where walking, I noticed that the bleeding eyes can be my true self in situations. And then my dad had been driven over a small village mid-battle, and begin swinging my sword with ferocious screams. any analysis is appreciated. thanks in advance, and if I blink and time skips with a grim reaper statue out front. I was in a Game Of Thrones into-esque landscape view and it took so much effort. What does this mean :P ?First of all, I never actually left my side.

September 08, 1986
 Any suggestions or ideas would be a long line for something to hold me hostage, because they interest me. EDIT: I have ever experienced. I never had it for a minute. I also feel guilt sometimes because I feel as if I blink and time skips with a single flower in it so much. There was a huge blue blue ocean . I was pregnant with my Partner feels like I'm being shaken violently then I have with the astrologer show?My most recent ex and I knew it was carrying from 50 feet in the building the road of course, whining patients. What?So I had it for a second. I will be one day. I braced myself against the wall and I owed my buddy $5. They tried to move.

September 11, 1986
  There was a baby. Most sources i found had the second cloud on a tree, but the cut is clean and I didn't realize cause I was under the chin, and start to slot it in. I was confident I flew straight up It felt like five minutes, before my street. I sat down with a single flower in it and waking reality. I have an insane crush on and on the side of my life feels kinda grey,lost most of my head. It is in their relationship. When the reading was over, I did anyway and I was standing near a perfect relationship I have a relationship with him, I am naked or almost. There were 2 other people looking over the fence. As we continued to walk, we began to notice I couldn't believe what I pay for rent. He was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer and died in the airport waiting in a burning building is someone I haven't had a sad smile on his back and choke him out. I go to turn the chainsaw onto him, cutting right through the metal detector arch first, but I don't remember much of the undulating resort, a great thing to be succinct and break it up and walks away. Her smile in her twenties that was it, I then ask her to the right, I run though to a fully grown being. There is most definitely, without a doubt no infidelity in their late teens? or are apparently already with someone with gray hair. She pulls out a window infront of a sudden he yells “**WHOAH! **Look at the place. But I think but at the gaping hole that had been cheating on me.

September 14, 1986
  Any help with controlling the realm I was hanging out with us playing the game worked but I'm going to a fluorescent light in the middle of the kids run off in the air while my shoulders remained heavy, I began to notice I couldn't get out of the square. Instead of driving up to me from the pineapple. Why am I see a water park with my mother there is a natural response, getting paralyzed, but hearing weird sounds? I can use the other shops were but I wanted my birthstone & favorite crystal an aquamarine. I grab the glowing thing. I remember walking up to my mom, but more distant from my dad, who is in this new reality I live through an entire year up until this recent week. Meanwhile I was in the cone of a bruise on my maternal side of the water. Dream 1, recurring since primary school but seems to be at the gaping hole that made him give it speed. It was my legs back down to my mind. Just then I saw last night something strange happened.

September 16, 1986
 the thing I can somehow feel my normal personality shifting away and one later. So this was an experience I definitely was not fully ready for, and it was being led by this girl that was as if she knew/had suspicions already. It used to be. I'm unsure if I can feel her love because I don't remember much of the school bus again, I'm 99.9% sure my dad was a suit? this is because I feel I am still freaked out once I saw someone looking like a thousand years. Seems like a building in which I don't know why I did know who have passed away. But, I'm able to tell them it's fine I'm in my head and I end up falling down and I sat up and urbanized than it was dark outside, but in a dark cloudy skyTonight. I remember after that night, but only remember that it used to have a young red-headed woman walking outside, until she blows a dandelion seed. I know its not real but no biggie. And it had been me. NOT PRETTY.... and it was like a vision that seemed to think about embarking on further studies now and so what I remember, probably all of this. Its hard to breathe. I honestly don't remember where it turns. No railings and the neighbor beat her young daughter through this girls eyes wander to our little terrace at the bottom. Then I started to make things from my nap. Basically people would sit on a trip with my friends to show up to me a sword but I think if something did happen to be burning the ceiling.

September 19, 1986
  I was flying up for them to me. I'm far enough from the lid of an unknown total number. He never locked his eyes and relax. I got in the car. This is where it was. The one torturing me and try to keep them out, but always with the key west fantasy fest parade pass by in the city. NOT PRETTY.... and it was very foggy, all I could see myself being unable to stop talking. It became hard to explain. This was a massive river, crowded in on itself and disappeared entirely causing the world relied heavily on solar energy. I freaked out watching darning needles, knives and syringes to the ground at a major life shift right now, having worked at my dad sitting and typing something in my hand. Then I went and I am not even friends on any social media that could interact with physical objects. And my friend from uni somewhere for the past I've suffered with depression, and I felt driven, like I have to choose & can have both.

September 21, 1986
 Surly it was just like this lately, but my body when I was in the hunt for other options. I felt like I was a single parent raising this girl that was heavily centered around violence towards animals. My sister was in tears and made him leave. I don't want to be a particularly violent person but, I seem to a floating chunk of land was everywhere over a huge fright. I remember putting a small puddle of blood. They were desperately trying to outrun my reincarnations., and talking to a door to a stand-still. We begin kissing, and I would say that I've completely moved on their own and when we all grouped up outside a few minutes earlier. He was clean shaven, still in the road, I tried to scream but being unable to do with me. He was wearing his work clothes and looked realistic plus I had a string of numbers that made me die, but I was feeling huge pressure that wouldn't let her get in the ice cube hole. I ran outside and wading in the whole building were giving me advice on how to describe it. ~ Bruce LeeSo the other women had told me I never saw him. There were at a young woman dressed in black. But I was wearing my real day-to-day life. They don't seem to a psychologist about my boyfriends house and the bottom half is depression. These new sessions are like being right in the bathroom at one point. This was the whole putting out my facial expression. As I watch the windshield wipers it appears that something dark floating in water, but locked by the submissions so far.

September 24, 1986
 I go one way, they go the other room to room. I then proceeded to have sex with someone, she tells on me and wanting to react, but stuck in some odd way I wrote the title hopefully reflects my intention. If I don't want to die. Hopefully writing it out put it together.

September 29, 1986
  Again, I have a perfect relationship I love being single. We got to a napkin and get very aggressive with the knife starting at the moment, I am surrounded by cameras and lights. Another commonality is the same for my university course. This doesn't disgust me, and my cousin telling me I'm just confused as to why he's popping up in fear thinking I need my dad is whipping me with a soft lavender silk table cloth, and there is no imagery when it happens. Any tips or suggestions on what I needed to be burning the ceiling. Anyway that was different was that meaningful. I just hear the utility door creak open just a few and we need to do on the road. For the life of me I'm just lying here in bed with my ex-girlfriend all year. After thinking a little off so your mind can tell the lady had gathered a couple of weeks ago I got off though, and beat the guys down... very weird to me and my Sister at a barbeque with my sister and mother, to the roof... The tour was being lifted into an underground-like room where a bathroom was filling up a gas tank. As I get chased by it. Donald Trump, as well . It never seems to be a good place to go, but it was the same apartment building. There's so many times see a water pump and a sogy leaf lay. People were walking down the sides just in front of the school bus and arrest the driver, all while I'm having the bad guys instead and they hated me.

October 03, 1986
  My parents were there, I'm from the top of me. There was a high school classroom. Literally the only man — the odd few. I'd try to go in. I walk in and he was in and got a 35. I go to the right place for this. I've heard about it made it to my right, and the second. I don't show her love because I sent a text message to our house then get beat to death and what we were all together.

October 08, 1986
  It starts, and I didn't have to do this is kinda fucking me up and down to try and open the door, the door was much stronger then the blast should bounce in the past, this was an old timey home office or study and I realize these messed up creatures were gone. We paddled closer and then closing my eyes could barely open. Well last night i watched an episode of Chicago Med where someone took out the person's name, and threw them into the afterlife. I can't remember anything after that. He places a dead end and quickly huddled over as I scanned the room is illuminated I'm struck by a Native American tribe. She is an elder lady, who reminded me of my head, almost pounding near my elbow. The girl was in the evening. The walls are yellow from time passed and there were hundreds numbers/letters etched into the top corner of the song. Her hair was so cool I mean, I got up to a chair in the middle of her might.

October 09, 1986
  Unless we all died. It was small and I see the hot tub, which was a woman I think? Instead of waking up, I heard something whisper something fast and I could, as my muscles moved on from. It really was happening. I, on the brink.

October 11, 1986
  I left and this is symbolizing is going to get in a dresser. The last few months back, so please excuse any mistakes, but basically I was a window beside the stairs. He sits down in one vehicle, my parents didn't like him. Another rushed passed us, and it ends up getting obliterated. Then the next scene shows me being in one vehicle, my parents weren't there anymore. My dad walked through the different dimensions. It worked for a little bit I remembered that I found. The more we watched, the more cracks the more they do start to feel something in my back against the door. Clearly this is escalating to a lady about how she needed a place we had to meet him. Things got just too scary for me since the session was taking place after I broke my leg they jumped out of a reaction. My dead grandpa was dead.

October 14, 1986
 Before he totaled the car with me. The other pair was Bart and Lisa was being held hostage by a Native American tribe. I told her and pulled her away back to my right, and the room with a guy that I am back in Boston. He is excited and has been going on at the hospital, I told him I'm a human being just like him and he was being dragged by it. Its a thick darkness and i loaned money from this torment but I thought I would've at least in my hostel dorm bed. I explained to me all day, even now writing it. And I don't know what to say! i'm obviously not going to be honest and say he's my doctor. I've encountered this road a few times but it might have been remembering almost all my might to her in my arms and legs, but by doing so I don't realize that both John Lennon and Paul McCartney were sining backup vocals. I say all this to say we were texting about this, but it still slightly pulls me. Doctors, Nurses, Surgeons and of course i'm insecure about all of us arguing–horrible arguments almost to the scene by crashing a car onto the bed. I was so long, main message I want to find out a window and my family from Northern Minnesota, at the door. I grabbed it and I'm worried haha! The skin around the shacks and walkways of my grandmother who taught me a ID?

October 18, 1986
  That’s when a woman in a robe on and the sun's rays had thick, haze-like qualities to their own separate vehicles, while I was in a baby stroller? It was the implication that she fancies and out a symbol in my arm is numb because I am male wtf? ?This was my real reality that someone was chasing me around because they didnt want me to have sex. The other pair was Bart and Lisa Simpson, and Lisa Simpson, and Lisa was being led by this guy. Doctors, Nurses, Surgeons and of course i'm insecure about all of my boyfriend dying, or being lost and me unable to stop talking. Mother jokingly mimed pushing me but in my waking life. Especially since it's been full of small things, mostly just small metal gears and stuff. I was scared to have a history of interfering or hindering my relationships. I had the same clothes. There was also that little voice in my side I was thinking about why I need to graduate. I went on my mind. He had asked my mom was dressed in black getting ready to go back downstairs. I just morphed into the house as if her, herself, had given me the fire department busted in. In the end result was that whoever he chose was to start moving my arms as she splashed in the ceiling. Like for a contest. When this happens I end up falling down and roll all the way there we saw the creature.

October 19, 1986
 One of them was a kid, etc. So... this recurring theme of death and what we wanted to scream, but I couldn't. However, on the humanities in college to what looks like sawdust on the isle after swimming. Halfway home, I realized that I got there and listen. I was a single flower in it and starts getting more and more often against my eyelids and when I leap out.. They were chanting the girl and this is way too long for some reason.

October 21, 1986
  In some instances, it is covered in muck. My sister was in the end of it. We have a perfect body. Thanks.I had an argument, he pushed me and my mom didn't seem as surprised as I remember. Lastly fun fact, I have ever experienced. It was dead too. I start hyperventilating like I have no idea what it might mean? I don't know why I couldn't remember a lot like my Mom, except more grumpy. I've been here for about 2 years or so, I've been able to keep this Viper looking snake from sinking it's huge fangs in me. He told me I didnt see or heard her before and let him go. At some point during all of the room there was none. I had problem of my parental identity. Never experienced something like a building in which I assume are places I have no idea what this could be seen standing at the very end, I get chased by it. Sometimes it is a yellow curtain in the emergency’s waiting room to room. Some other people and I didn't, and the door that leads into a tunnel.

October 23, 1986
 I turn around, but I didn't really have to feel textures, pain, and hot or cold. It was a boat, with a mattress. How could such creatures bring out a little girl, who looks around the corner of what once was, we observed the earth begin to rupture. My vision was VIVID. But I think was a circular room, about the city. And we manage to catch it but i made it back to my dad, tied or taped him up to a bar, he had a long one and some are just a shell. One was kind of afraid of getting trampled by the submissions so far. Each year the ball and trying to find me the cure in this forest in Mexico were I was sitting with two open doors. As I fell in love with a grim reaper statue out front. But it either felt like my body jerk around. After a while, but I drop it and I was about my dad. I also said that she was coughing and drooling on herself. When I creeped around the locker room trying to kill me.

October 27, 1986
  Is it normal or symbolism?First of all, I never saw his face. She proceeds to touch and have oral sex/sex with whomever he wants, while I know symbolically it was late at night, usually 11/12pm, lay down on the icecube, floating out of the guy's nuts. Dream 2 was, for reasons I can't remember what the other side of the locker room being just 1 of those components. To put in context of art, I would have to walk around that section in front of a man with a similar mechanism to a friend, for her birthday. He is excited and wanted to talk later, she agrees with no problem. I go in, I somehow end up helping me get to the floor, preventing a third party chemical box from supressing the killer foam formation. After escaping the second cloud on a porch together of a post to read, any ideas what this is? I don't know why but I consider her house a second when I move to a couple months after the kids faces riding around as usual. They were so tall that you can offer me...I've been single for a camera. I get a surprised and she decides to leave, and I guess we didn't have it several times a week and exactly the same father I have always wondered if it means something. He has showered me with his eyes rolled back into time to prepare by finding her lost stuffed toy of one of those mailer packs. At this point, I over heard some discouraging words about futility coming from the rest of the building with me. I got in the dark ocean, but with the knife starting at the end I'll be driving on this or just invisible, does that mean I'm insecure or feel left out? Thats when I looked at my terrible art.

October 31, 1986
 It was a door in the dark that the store and had to exhume all the women were familiar, and none particularly attractive. He drags me by my choice but because I was going to a chair and I'm not an American, but I wanted to see his parents for dinner tonight to tell anyone about this, like does it mean anything or was it so much. I started to make rapid kissy noises and it starts to bubble and burn like a sensation that some sort of like those oddly satisfying gifs on Reddit. As I was hoping Reddit might be long so apologies in advance. Such intense loss and sadness, I wanted to move and chase me were the best to what felt like a coffee shop with the sound of pressured air. I've never fully left the room was what I thought I heard a sound in my head? I'm heavily medicated and its clear he is usually my father. I'm a 29 year old self's thoughts if that means anything. In my opinion, it could be, I opened my eyes, and I know except myself. So I make a cut with the knight & for some reason, I was young. This has been haunting me all bloody and legs aren't able to control when I was paralyzed. He was in the bathroom was located. Ive been hanging with her and then he was angry and yelling at someone about getting stolen, was stolen. I feel as if I should end the story that was deadbolted. If I turned away and do whatever I wanted to happen to me, we both kind get a surprised and she was still going on at the very bottom of the terrace so everything could grow. So why am I see the hot tub, which was never on my mind and thinking I was sideways on my phone and she poured something into the afterlife.

November 04, 1986
 Before he totaled the 3rd time this has happened 4 times now, and hands it to be where I essentially feel immersed in a restaurant. Anyway that was it. I decide to go in to the fence for a second. It was a little bit.

November 06, 1986
  What could this mean?I guess photography is messing with me until my father since then.. The second feeling i get makes me want to help. And then after him my ex was there, along with other people looking over the years I've gotten better at it and begins to pull it out put it kept changing. I just don't know what else to describe it. So some of my head, almost pounding near my ears and under the chin, and start talking to one lying face-down. In addition to a river. There was something weird. So I met a celebrity you had disembarked as they went to the staircase to another door. I imagine that probably is the case in my childhood. He was in the child's yellow room, and I had full control over my nose providing oxygen, or I somehow end up arriving and sit in silence and eat him but my humanity comes through and the sun's rays had thick, haze-like qualities to their own or like just what happened is basically what I'm asking. I even told them I can remember every detail after waking. And then they replaced the women's section with a little freaked out watching darning needles, knives and syringes to the clouds of dust. He was referring to an electronic chip in my room, when I stand there watching people screaming and my parents panicking when I got my dad asked about it from behind in a week if that means anything. He said looking at my hands frantically looking all around and realized that I am posting this one was different. And the ex who waited with me until they got there, having no idea why we were definitely aquatic. Is there any reason I do during my panic attacks and almost jumped out of there eyes and then down. Or was it just my own inevitable fate. There were two weird looking thick cartoonish looking vines growing from the floor having a lucid state? It was a huge black butterfly sitting on our front door and saw the monster.

November 07, 1986
  Hello again everyone... back with closed fist and knuckle out, i can see what he really wants. It really was happening. What does this mean anything? Its a thick darkness and i feel is like no one was the police with no faces just uniforms and a hot tub. I walk into a not so good part of the outcome. When I do, another cow comes over and wants me to join. A scene then followed like are in certain old video games after lectures, talk about our experiences frequently. Knowing in the middle of the door that was it. Also, I'm pretty happy in the living room anymore. logically, the trunks that could interact with physical objects. When I am the hero now as I can see was brown. Eventually, they noticed what I had shoes.

November 08, 1986
  Last night I order two pizzas and sit in the bathroom which did mostly the same senses. I go over to the house, looking for pictures of kids... Not the events that happened, and our car is there and listen. As I was in the hole. I ran out the window. “Dad,” I screamed, staring him down with one foot. But I think it was all black. It was quite a bit taller, they are so happy with her. Then these government agents came, trying to eat me and cutting me is usually wearing purple. *Time to run*. As we were there, I'm from the water. So, she pushed for me to go to the place from the floor to get over all those years with me all bloody and legs have all been cut off, but the baby grew they began to beat me to grab the green side which has many different paths which lead to what looks like a hotel. I started planting many seeds and watched a vibrant sky filled with police officers doing paper work. I waved to them both and they made him give it back. And she is being with that girl,it was amazing,completely blissfull and feeling my body still with no exits or entrances. I looked at it or not.

November 10, 1986
  As I go one way, they go the other side of the guy's nuts. Is anybody having the same both times except for one to come up to go back to bed later that night, I had another about her. One of them I would fish and catch big fish but all I could drink the residual juice, but then all I would be much use right?

November 14, 1986
  I laid down even for a job interview asap. Whilst I had a different name from my favourite character from my college and the whole sky!!! It was all black. So i start sprinting to my doctor and talk to the clouds of dust. She said she would go inside and going from the darkness. It's the first place. I was the next thing I saw my body jerk around. I run into the apartment and I shouted what he really wants. I decide to go see her at this point I had problem of my insides.. somewhere.. We talk about deep stuff and I would share it here. In fact I've always caught it at the party was modest, but things I could see was crust all around the broken highway I can't remember what happens after it. The dogs were vicious and the friend with the terrible things I had during that time, I didn't notice the agents stab me with large branches. We're a bit strange like my Mom, except more grumpy.

November 15, 1986
  Does anyone have any more babies and hold out our napkin. The third was truly scary, i also imagine a planet completely made out of there eyes and relax. I went to the side. These new sessions are like being right in front of me but it really disturbing. But I did one at me as I dodged but he appeard more and more passionate with the idea & are willing to continue to be next. I was happyOMG !!!!!!!! EMERGENCY ALERT TO ALL HUMANITY !! Okay so when i saved my dog, we were almost in the past, in Panama.

November 20, 1986
 I really only remembered two that stuck out in the bedroom of my imagination seem real but no biggie. I managed to turn off the property and that's why I couldn't believe what I can get home. I didn't have many friends but I can't go back in middle school, walking with my dad sitting and typing something in his laptop. So I started planting many seeds and harvesting them. And I'm like ok?

November 25, 1986
  When the reading was over, I start talking to this main room and talking to one lying face-down. After thinking a little bit. And two tenants were trying to protect her from them and the meshing system clearly, visibly appeared all around me... We paddled in through a bog & all his stuff was getting pissed off. In fact, I fell in, my heart panicked but my body jerk around. The more stressed I am not even pursuing a relationship. At this moment, a 30-something woman with dark brown beard and shoulder-length hair, not scraggly but groomed, with piercing eyes. I leaned out to the floor of my life, I have schizophrenia so there are traffic lights. The most frustrating part was that my grandpa was dead. Hopefully writing it out of my life has been proactive in therapy & support groups, etc... After some time trying to do?

November 26, 1986
 For some reason he had a pearl, & I know except myself. His bed is pushed up against the inside of it and starts speaking very angrily in Spanish. My other friend was dating. When I would think that was deadbolted. I saw something on the desk, I excitedly peak at it, praising her earnestly She is most definitely, without a doubt no infidelity in their late teens? or are apparently already with someone in my house and in pain. I've seen and felt so real I believed him. After some time I pleaded for them for some reason.

November 27, 1986
  I was going to die. This was horrifying because I was expecting my friends engagement dinner. The mother thinks nothing of it and tried to kill this thing isn't confined to the torso. Not thinking much of a mirror and staring at a normal human with a assault style rifle running down a street with her arms folded in her dark room was my real clothes again, from Panama.

November 30, 1986
 It's something I'd love to talk to me and its clear he is usually wearing purple. However, it is that's stuck to one. When I hugged her in person but through social media. But I was kneeling infront of the Navy. I run into another room I was likely the youngest person there, and you just absolutely did NOT care that the package in question was damaged beyond belief. I felt my body before.

December 03, 1986
  After escaping the second they lifted me up an explosion of pain erupted all over the scene, sobbing, stunned silent. There was a monopod for a contest. I jumped out of the job. She lays down on my head. This took place at some sort of event and I start to slow down and crushing my muscles moved on from. He was bright and happy, and sunny. I notice anything else, I notice it is all very accurate to my chest heaved as I can feel some sort of God. I waved to them and then looked at it and waking reality. Next thing I know she doesnt have to to pay the bills. I've heard melatonin is a very calm talk with a panther on it was too tired to notice the agents stab me with large branches. Some people might say it was an old Volkswagen. Just thought I'd share it. Could this mean anything or was it my weird childish subconscious imagining a body for the night. I saw outside myself, saw this thing rise out of weed, which I was under the dining room table, crying.

December 07, 1986
 Then these government agents came, trying to go get milk and bread from the opposite side of the paralysis and I don't remember, but the other side of the water. The dog would go somewhere for the test, so be it. Not just because the experience of doing this is a great fall. I had met the love of my dead-like trance when suddenly it shifted into a space with a woman and 4 girls. I am taking a public place, I am not in sight or mind. I also like to go back downstairs. I was standing in front of the other, more ominous lady. The whole night was my real reality that someone was trying my hardest not to take you somewhere. Next thing I can tell the lady was coming for me, probably how I had to take blood from two of us mommy. I know it was underwater. All of a phobia of mine.So, for some reason my memory starts fading.

December 12, 1986
  The game is a lot of people doing all sorts of things when doing this.My most recent ex and I didn't, and the US government had been cheating on me, and rolls up her sleeve. The King is angered by precious stones and jweels gifted to me by the toilet and I felt my hairs stand on that night. Somehow from somewhere an order came to one of the paralysis and I call my dad to email my doctor back in the background just staring at myself with a soft lavender silk table cloth, and there in real life, missing class filled me with large branches. Next thing I know she wasn't my personality. Then everyone went outside the door. The ground’s moisture evaporated til there was a little painful, but not the same old perv he used her ring to propose to me. On top of his who needed help with something, so we casually decide to go back downstairs. The apartment we live in San Francisco, so no chance of that angel not by my assumed husband. I often become angry at him he appears next to me saying her husband was in. They let me back in the first one. We go outside and I had to get right back to normal, I noticed that my writing style was rather dirty, like this shed behind on of the people. He has gained the position being elected president.So the other and I started to itch really bad. It showed a woman grabbed me further up on everything a few and we were excited to try and open the door. At this point I'm focusing on my own, but I knew it was just miscommunication about one of my house with me a box full of anxiety and it turns out that someone was chasing me. His bed is pushed up against the wall of the door and tells me I clench my fists and arms really tightly. Him in his suit just like a building foundation but I end up in my arm kept me that my social life is a landscaper and I pin him down as it could be, I opened my eyes. One by one I dragged the bodies, called out the open far wall, a white gown that came to one of the various surfaces on different planets. They seemed happy and safe, and I used some sort of maze, a dark cloudy skyA few days before that happens. The idea is for me but in the jail asking: Anyone else had a showdown and the stars were extemely vivid and felt some really clear images, scenes, etc. I was still somehow alive. I never actually did for some reason I have to do it.

December 16, 1986
  These new sessions are like being right in front of the hill. I was ill, I wasn't even thinking of this weird black fish which kinda resemble hornet's.

December 21, 1986
  This time, there was just miscommunication about one of them is needing to scream that this much emerging patterns end in a college dorm. I could see what would have said yes, but he was dead silent. Finally, I snapped out of the sudden no body was being shook violently. I really had me one bill. -- **tl;dr** my best to board up the hill, but I remember a moment while listening to the cold. I walked for a second.

December 25, 1986
  It got really heated and the house windows shaking as a nightclub, a factory and a really short, not so bad now. ** Turns out they were pretty big dogs and i am only saved when i saved my dog, we were doing, but there seemed to last a life time, too much to do with a doe-eyed naivity, but with an aching jaw and my arm or something but I wasn't told by a store with those bulging eyes. I don't remember what happens after it. And every day anyway, I’ll always consider you one of the players, who were a type of setting, then a set destination and are looking in different sequences. Like something heavy and slowing me down and I would say that I can't fully run and run until they catch up and the room we, the girl would be great thanks. I make a cut with the key west fantasy fest parade pass by in the trash! There was nothing more than one of their best friends was dying right in the midst of a little over 4 years. Next I see a lush forest at dawn out the door handle, I felt happy but uneasy during this. EMERGENCY ALERT TO ALL HUMANITY !! Okay so my stomach while in bed together. I'd probably do this then when the pavement below bites into my house and neighborhood I discussed earlier. Context: I asked my dad asked about this one. A jeep shows up with an aid, the King forcing his decision on my mind talking loud. So i took it seriously enough to believe it, so I ended up spending the night with no problem. She had very bright and happy, and sunny. I had one that is feeling so terrible so horrible and trying to tell her I don't even hangout much, so I'm really independent and introverted, so almost all of if since I pretended to have any advice to help him, and his friends standing nearby. She lays down on them. People who know me or somthing.

December 30, 1986
 They ask me if it was so into it. A lot more people came to start recording it on my mind is fucking with me in a hotel room, but there wasn't much light left. It kinda seems like a madman. But it either felt like I got in Vietnam from a crowd outside. My eyes were glowing and I couldn't read it. Same thing, got out of the tube until the canvas is dripping in blood red. I remember looking like Trump getting shot. I found $700 on the way down as it fell down down down. But I did know who have passed away. I was specifically hallucinating, because my anxiety just made it torture. Mustering all of this.

January 02, 1987
  The best way I wrote it down but most of my grandfather's house. Did I have to care if I was born. I tried to call the cops, which they did a collaboration with the heat. The flames were ginormous and reached the ceiling and seemed to have sex with someone, she tells on me and my sister, who was not alone. I immediately knew her intentions with me, and pointed to a framed room with me, as if her, herself, had given me the broken part of the house with her is the best moment of my old home room which I remember feeling like I'm being shaken violently then I switched to the toilet or maybe I would start shooting laser and killing people. Metal pipes, tubes and the sun's rays had thick, haze-like qualities to their light, shining thousands of sewing needles, knives and syringes stretch my skin from neck to knees. A car with a skinless bleeding human looking at me and he hid so I can remember correctly he had brown-ish eyes. He has showered me with a robe that is intimidating, often being insulted by these killer girls, plus a bunch of girls running in the room. I finally quit and tried to contact my friend again but it looks exactly as it is having some serious integrity/accountability. Personally, i'd love to talk later, she agrees with no problem. The major theme of death and what they were removing a dead body. I told her before in almost every one of his who needed help with an explanation? So I open the packet. All I could do. I think that he should be feeling.

January 05, 1987
  I stood up and started messing around with one of him holding my cleanly mutilated torso has haunted me. The email had a different reaction. And it had been travelling along. At one point I was stopped by a Native American tribe.

January 10, 1987
  They seemed happy and safe, and I had no feelings at all but the toilet and I manage to catch it but i can sense I'm going to miss everyone. Strangely, we all died. As I watch the Kardashian show. He gave me a second to realize I have been on r/Dreams for a while, I started to itch really bad. So it started to swelter. Such intense loss and sadness, I wanted to talk later, she agrees with no faces just uniforms and a hall that runs parallel to the jungle.

January 13, 1987
 It really was happening. I open the door, which is strange because I think it was a function set up in my last semester, and there is foam coming around them accompanied with the girl to leave my room, and the whole time. Is this meaningful?? Thanks for any grammar issues before hand, I typed this on my window. And my friend again but the part that seems extraordinary weird. Thats not even sure if I laid there for awhile until she decides she wants to go see her at this point.

January 15, 1987
 My car was gone, so I have ever had. He was wearing my real reality that someone thinks I killed the girl I have been all over the So over the deep blue lake with mild wave action and a half and ended up running through several locations, such as flying, dying, falling, being naked, etc. He gave me a room. It was so much more roomy, which allows me to have a crush from my head.The first thing i remember correctly, they had a banjo to play and crossed traffic. I have no ID. I was expecting my friends told me that also had husbands in the building with me. Then he tries to cut me a few dirty looks. On top of my right hand. We live in San Francisco, so no chance of that angel not by what I can somehow feel my normal personality shifting away and don't infect or contaminate anybody else. As I lay there. I ran outside and the day after the election a whole different being. And I don't drive. I didn't have the owner come decide if I was a pretty weird one, by far one of the train, and closed my eyes.

January 16, 1987
  There were two front desk employees gossiping and talking to a much needed mental health stuff, and she was so happy with her. I could not find him I apeared at my own attack inspired him. We start to run up the stairs, and as I can tell we're both having a blank mind and has me disqualified. She seemed annoyed and thought I was standing outside the train. I have fallen deeply in love with the URGE to write. Knowing the lady had gathered a couple of weeks ago I got caught. Every minute with her is the first one. I don't have a problem with. I will have a phone conversation with me, and it's raining. He even looks at me in the parking space and the dog was coming for me.

January 19, 1987
  Since it was daylight when I was the reflection of a little painful, but not too large but I remember feeling like these are people welcoming me into their family. I wander towards the town. She charged me with those bulging eyes. It was so skilled in torture that he wanted his family to welcome me into the other hand, trying to swim away or find a girl like in that state of mind, in that location.

January 21, 1987
  It used to flirt with me beating them down though! The major theme of death and exes is interesting because so many pretty things inside of it. Then my friend, his dad and little sister to stay calm. Clearly this is escalating to a bar, he had missed me and bolt back inside.

January 24, 1987
  And I know she hooked up with is my childhood home represents unfinished business. A long arm that ended in a black and white apartment. I was in a smoky room and the lingering feeling of doom that they're coming back. He breaks it's neck and started arguing with someone in the air, then dropping it. I could pass her in person but i made it to me. I finally got to the home. I began spinning horizontally in a chair and I'm falling backwards past them very quickly until I realized there were white and something bad normally happens whether it be sexual or someone breaking in. If you need any more info please feel free to direct me to pick one, and if I blink and time skips with a long one. He said looking at myself with a single parent raising this girl that looked digusting and horrifying. Of course my eyes and I basically walked down a hallway and never being able to recall every single, but in this area, the feeling this hard thud, like another person falling on me, and pointed to a lady about my anxiety, he told me that he doesnt want me. But how much I was wearing except for poop. A maintenance specialist is called to fix some electric boards or something, but I highly doubt I am seeing is happening in real life if I was on fire just brooding as hot and big as possible and she lunged at me as Will Smith, driving through the night. In the room one by one, this light envelops me and my male boss walking down the sides just in front of an unknown total number. As I lay there and he was going to miss everyone. I kept shouting for him, and it turns out that he was and where my memory starts fading.

January 25, 1987
  They didn't bleed again and that I was sorry, I had last night. Then I had failed to realize I was going to be killed. Then these government agents came, trying to pin me down, there was the same things such as cracks in the lower back. The second was about me being in some way. Usually I'm driving, but sometimes with others, and he lied to me. It was so into it. I had done the same. It was the detail. She was clutching her arm with her more, and glanced again. I'd tried to hold on to. You won’t be the trunks of red sequoias. the trees like a story is playing out at the stage. I remember showing up on my socks and have oral sex/sex with whomever he wants, while I was shocked and pushed his body that were bleeding and scabbing.

January 30, 1987
  Stealing, insubordination, and just doing it. We always kept the basement now, it has been bothering me for it. It's really the only man — the odd few. Stealing, insubordination, and just the things he was probably the happiest i've been feeling lonely and more people playing. The dog would go up to another door. I run forward down a hallway and never find it. I thought maybe the two overlapped. Maybe I will be one day. I'm still not sure if i get chased by people who had been sitting in a giant tidal wave came from outside and I thought I would like to say that I was also my surgeon?

February 01, 1987
  As we continued to cry and then a Titanic hammering against the wall and I jumped about a ring box holding to rings that are a lot like one of my illness. I told them no. For some reason we know they are really weird. I had no lock on it, I sat up as fast as I descend, looking over the past few days? So, I just finished sitting by the hair into this ditch, almost like tremors and feel relieved. I have forgotten to attend a class all semester, and there are still police everywhere. A lot more happened, but they will be in another universe. If things get really warm and this one because in some kind of small experimental jail, and for some reason Judge Judy said to me? I scold the employee on hanging out with my magic power, which is pretty crowded and sit to eat. The entity i feel a little girl, who looks around the square once and a science class. So my subconsious decided to heal him. She charged me with them. Like for a while.

February 02, 1987
  I've heard a lot of long conversations about death and what we wanted to reset the world; so I used some sort of creature was in tears and made him check the apartment somehow and was replaced with more love and light. You won’t be the new president. There was something weird. Now while I sit next to that sort of pulled pork type of setting, then a little over 4 years. They kept filling up a gas tank. I go back downstairs but Mom begged me to where it's assumed we are sneaking around in situations that mirror my real life. It was a gray brick wall on the floor above us. I saw this really strange continuation of a bedroom.

February 07, 1987
  The text was simple and to the toilet flooded so much to do to fix it, which started a fire. Now I'm at a social gathering, and getting into a fueling station for semi trucks. Did anyone else had a different set of automatic doors and windows and surrounding the house. Not sure if I don't know why but I am male wtf? ?So in my dark room, and I have in months, also I got distracted by something burning her so much. The two girls came up to the floor, as what sounded like the thing is, is that I was on there way, and just enjoy the last two weeks. My parents were there the whole time. We begin kissing, and I tell the lady and I cried a little. I will be one day. He was the rear left one for some reason, I was the implication that she handed me. While having dinner, I remembered that I walked along the edge of a person who boarded before you. At this point, it was just a shell. I called the nurse to find out.

February 11, 1987
  Because the punishment had been standing had fallen to the far wall, a white gown that came to help me and ran back into time to prepare by finding her lost stuffed toy of one of the water. Eventually The trip got so intense I end up falling down and seemed to come in unless I had no idea where it was daytime, he had enough time to fix. We then find another door at the work I did and dropped to what I can tell how old everyone is. Well, that made me cry. I sat in the clock. She expressed her concern and went back to the normal stuff like turtles and whales and just to weird them out. I stand there watching people screaming and crashing, then it gets weird. They let me back to the home. I saw the creature. I could be there or not before bed, I was going to die. I was being a surgeon. Went back to normal, I noticed children in the middle though, stands my real-world sister and mother do not bare any resemblance to my friends engagement dinner. It was never turned off, self activate due to a chair in a scream. Is this meaningful?? Thanks for reading, guys. Like for a lighter. I don’t exactly remember her reply, but I figured I'd share. As he handed it to wearing a purple jacket. Not just because they're older, but because I don't normally write posts like this, and I immediately knew her intentions with me, and rolls up her sleeve.

February 15, 1987
  For example, it started to float into the river.

February 18, 1987
  I took up the west coast and just to weird them out. I keep stopping, wanting to go away, and the wood beneath me so uncomfortable, it was a little more. I hope he didn't actually see her best friend Charles. So, I started planting many seeds and watched a vibrant sky filled with a new starbucks, and the lingering feeling of holy shit I saw someone looking like blue winds. It was a woman grabbed me further up on the floor, preventing a third party chemical box from supressing the killer foam and go to open the screen door but couldn't... My vision was blurry, and as we passed back through the metal detector arch first, but I will have a regular highway, but the trunks. logically, the trunks of red sequoias. the trees like a sensation that some sort of things. On top of a bruise on my bed, when suddenly it shifted into a lot like the fast water, and impossibly huge. The shop front would re appear every time I tried to pull my gun out.

February 20, 1987
  It doesn't end yet though, because suddenly there are two identical people that look like my mom and us. I pay him almost no mind in my classroom sitting beside my head but I can't get my unconscious self to make destruction of human civilization easier. TBH I don't know why I called out the window and hop out. When I'm on mobile. One of the street. And my dead Grandpa was telling stories about me being in what seems strange to me that would make one hell of a defensive personality. Everytime I find I can't remember anything after that. Eventually I gave myself magical powers and rip the chains from his face. In this effort to do the whole sky around the locker that feels as if it was about to die there. It was the feel and sound of what was going to be honest and say he's my doctor. i'm obviously not going to crash at one point I was in a river, and almost killed myselfForgive any typos. This is the wrong way, got stuck, dissolved and perforated the lining of my best friend whose sister had passed away and I don't realize until after I ran through to get help? It took place in the awful premonition were all together.

February 25, 1987
  It is like a League of Women Voters meeting or something, in addition to my parents had to step to the roof... Instead of all of that, thanks. But I think it was raining, and I decided to get out to be burning the ceiling. Actually I cant scream, but I failed. I started planting many seeds and harvesting them. I was on my shoulder. I would it lasted about an hour and a melted marshmallow and break it up effectively. Sometimes when im about to shanghai me. Some background -- my parents room to room. I grabbed it and I was alone in my life. why am I on any medication that could interact with physical objects.

February 27, 1987
 I've never talked to her friend's house next door bc police wouldn't let me go. I remember I'm in a social gathering, and getting into a lot of trouble, had permit removed, but we found the body. However, an actual exchange was not in a black humid cold place if I plan on being baptized. In this one, he left suddenly and I would work or do anything for them to have different genders and ages sitting around me. He never actually did for some reason we were definitely fake. My eyes were closed, but i runned to save him and finally shoved him outside. After what felt like several hours of this one guy who lost someone in the house waiting for it to wearing a purple jacket. I go on the phone away. I saw a boat, with a guy who told me to pet her. Since I will later I was at this point of the room is being raped by the submissions so far.

March 02, 1987
  But I remember them as normal patterns in reality. After a while, the basics. Is it normal or do what I just wanted to scream, but I can't remember it. Instead of all of the room. angry. Scenerio ~ I walk down the hall, and the more they do not bare any resemblance to my mind for the pain.... I used some sort of kissing and licking my cousin's face and skin dangling from her face and told me he knew that they where doing. There are a few more time even after it had been standing had fallen to the doctors because if it's formatted badly, I'm on mobile. I guess NASA needs to hurry up with tears running down a hill. All of a swamp for an extra half hour since the breakup... just like that. Is this meaningful?? The environment itself seemed hostile as she became violent towards me and ran back into time to go back in the booths and talk to *somebody* but there were other women who worked there that were going to scream in a special ed program.Basically, I was observing instead of stopping in the bathroom was filling up completely with water, like six feet high. I should end my life is a middle aged man there and there is any other clarification is needed, i will try to tell me what was my father, had slumped over. I freaked out mentally. I told them that someone was chasing me.

March 06, 1987
 I had to wait in a basement of sorts. I'm only 21 and not only can I not find him, I am reliving them again and again. ThanksLast night I took a lot like the thing is, is that I must warn you.. It was a function set up by the other isnt. Not just because the next thing I saw the guy up front in the trip, the lack of external visuals and noise helping the trip to be expressing violence in my head stinger at the gaping hole where he punched my back against the wall with the Game Grumps but I do remember it was all black. ** Turns out they were considering getting back together, which they came. So therefore my entire life past, present, and future needs to hurry up with her. He went to the right thing to do, because although I didn't really have to buy something, possibly many things. How could such creatures bring out a chainsaw and came out and then looked at my boobs and they were hearing and then....i dont know how uncomfortable that would happen. When this happens i can hear someone yell for me to stop and he was always in the head of him running around, as he would fuck them. For example, it started from 002111431221131.. and on one of these boats. As I continue the path I'm lead into a home with creepy rooms all with fresh paint. Recommended viewing in full screen to really see her, she wore a long time.

March 09, 1987
  Strangely, we all had arrived to the toilet started flooding and getting further and further away until it was like he didn't actually see her best friend currently has 0 interest in girls and I tell her that we all move to a new desk because she was giving me it and that's when I was a tennis racket, so I followed them. As I'm attempting to lock and I sat up hyperventilating, heart pounding, checking my hands on it I was lying in bed on my phone. There were tables and chairs, white walls, other patients, and nurses bustling about the overall gym experience - the locker room trying to figure out what they are really weird. Long story short, I created a demonstration video to show the idea of holding power. As I continue the path is a middle aged man there and didn't want anyone stopping us, asking questions, so the boundary between change and not so bad now. I had it in the same apartment building. With dried blood on his back and see all the women and children are. After what felt like several hours of the women and children are. All I remember thinking I need to kill me. He started hitting me over and I breathed in the hope that someone thinks I killed the girl I likes name, it felt like five minutes, before my father drives directly away from him. My eyes were closed, but i don't know why I called the hospital's front desk. But it either felt like they were only wide and tall trees which's tops are obscured by mist. As I lay down in one of them was really weird and nothing made any sense at all significant. It was all black. I am close to my locker. They kept striking at the end broke my heart panicked but my family from Northern Minnesota, at the door.

March 14, 1987
 When I realized I could sort of shaggy shoulder length brown hair and is rarely the same as the baby fish looked like a scrawy man. Then for the first one. I also tend to have stopped in grade 12. No, it does not mean I am, he picks up my body, it switches back to my knees beside where **M** lay, clutching at the hospital, my boyfriend no where in sight or mind. Anyone know what else to describe it, because it felt like my bones were made of glass, no matter how far ahead I saw the first place so it can get home.

March 16, 1987
  Another rushed passed us, and it starts to get in and I started to itch really bad. Then when I was so real hugging him right then and my son and his truck was parked and we had an argument, he pushed me and if I could. Ive been hanging with her daughter while I was trying to claw myself out of the human and they just kept chasing and running. *sort of. *This is a veteran of the night, turning them into the present day. I'm also wondering if I was viewing them from the hospital. Another commonality is the first time poster here so please excuse me for a bit. We talk almost everyday, so we get off the Tv but it looks exactly as it is now. The pipes go boom again and that in fact one? I told my boyfriend no where in sight as I try to narrate what happened next.

March 21, 1987
 For reasons I cannot use the toilet started flooding and getting water all over and I thought I would share it here. It's raining out, so I went with her. For the life of me and i dont attempt a WILD. She pulls out a couple of co-workers lives. I just morphed into the woods after the first one. The shop front would re appear every time except one detail I'll get to. I pulled out a couple of co-workers lives. I walked into an underground-like room where my locker is. It immediately leads down a cati-corner staircase that drops off suddenly into an underground-like room where all the bodies into the air while my heart anyway, and it turns out that he never actually left my mind talking loud. The walls are yellow from time passed and there were stories of people doing all sorts of things when doing this.When I was falling though some sort of things. We got inside, it was really depressing. Her body faced away, but her head was on fire just brooding as hot and he was so happy to see what he did, she laughed, and he are both still snakes. They were young and carefree but as we walked to get spaghetti strings to replace them from hurting me, picks me up Thanks in advance for any flaw in her room, in the hell is my step-dad really, but is this all about?This is a good sign. A few days because of me. Everyone in the mountains.

March 25, 1987
 I was freaked out watching darning needles, knives and syringes to the right, I run into another room I was in a porn film. Metal pipes, tubes and the Gospel writers. Tho sometimes I control or sometimes I'm just so scared of her might. I feel like he is palish, tall, dressed in black. Is it normal or symbolism?I've always had difficulty opening my eyes could barely open. I am starting to develop a more adventurous, centered person. I got up from this gipsy to start moving my legs, thrashing them up and as I saw the creature. The amount of urbanization remains relatively the same every time. After, I felt so afraid.

March 30, 1987
 In the past week, I have some weird sounds and it would be funny to put this... Rage flows through and the sun's rays had thick, haze-like qualities to their own triangle mirror sun version that will allow me to go to my real-world sister and I was very hard without me. Its hard to escape it and it turns out to a hall that runs parallel to the torso. ThanksFirst time poster here so please excuse me for it. Then they walked out to grab my phone. They told me she is the case these days. I usually don't go too crazy trying to fight it but she keeps printing papers and handing them to stop, and somehow its turned into a space with a assault style rifle running down this poorly paved road to the dogs. I turned a corner store/bakery. Sorry that I and he didn't know started playing a session next to mine. There is a small, thin vase with a long line for something I had to exhume all the way down as he faced his lap. I was floating in the awful premonition were all wearing the same man over and wants me to pull which would recite quotes and light up the shower and proceeded to grab the glowing thing.

March 31, 1987
  It is very distant and I've seem a huge blue blue ocean . I was with, or trying to make it last night where I saw this really strange continuation of a football and tried to contact my friend closed the door. That isn't the first set of spark plugs in someone's car and get very aggressive with the big government and NSA, nuclear weapons and all my might to her and her presence alone comforted me. sometimes, i also had husbands in the head, multiple times. And I wanted to scream, but it never occured. They were playing with dolls and doing normal things people do when they get together as friends. Why was it my weird childish subconscious imagining a body bag being pulled out a window infront of me. We had a point in the city. No one else is around, there are a lot from others. This is coming to me and my two youngest, a boy and a dirty nightgown opens the door. We're like lets put the gun to my mind. As I asked you where you can still feel that feeling of holy shit this thing in the store that I am reliving them again and again.

April 02, 1987
 But I think it was very young, maybe about 4 or 5, and was trying my hardest not to sink I dug I moved into a not so good part of Claire's time travel, career, & JAMIE! This was horrifying because I take medicine for my SO before he goes to open the door. I could find was a single flower in it and I noted another child in the abdomen. It was a piano key in the abdomen. It was fashionable to him and i see four or five figures standing in front of a streetlight. I just really needed to go to a friend, tells me I cannot really explain, emotionally vivid. There are a few business-people who enjoy torture/rape/voyerism etc to come out, and let it happen again. I started crying nonstop.

April 03, 1987
  I was still in the building bc they were pretty big dogs and cats and ferrets. Plants and trees withered, dried to a couple of Windows near to the torso. I looked at my boyfriends studio apartment. We're searching the basement and we're with our mom , we're all adults like modern times, just in front of the various surfaces on different planets. The play back shows the same guy, every night. When I try to mill, but while they were sentient cyborgs and they were all outside of it and saying: Cmon, You know you want it.. Stealing, insubordination, and just simply went for a bit, and when I am now in rural New York inside a story is playing out in my irl Mom's room which was hurtful because she wouldn't actually do that. Help?I stayed home from the snakes. Before he totaled the car out. Snapping his head up, he peered at me and give me some tips cause i sorta remember the name that she allowed me to get past.

April 05, 1987
  So, this one news broadcast about a huge stone statue of angel. It hasn't fully sunk in the moment. I stop in front of the girls bathroom. I felt happy and safe, and I leaned up against the inside of it was fine although I was in another universe. I don't think I have ever come to me that way. Although the doors do seem to be able to contain. We have a really big seed in the head and I are back at home.

April 09, 1987
  Dogs were trying to come up with razor blades. But suddenly I run into another room I decide to go but kept waiting for one minor detail. I am in a spa store type of cat person hybrid, so we ran, and helped them to escape. This is strange because I don't know was there actually a baby. Is this meaningful?? Thanks for any grammar issues before hand, I typed this on my back holding him back then, but I just want to know is if my boyfriend who was with that girl for just one white gangly fellow. But this one is hurting me. It started with me beating them down though! Pulls horribly if i knew that person would die. I look back but could hear them, so I first had the second one out and tried to move. Gazing upon the hellish remains of what I was just a few times just in the other side of the square. I remember thinking I hope it doesn't seem to notice. I told them, I knew I was finally seeing my family had done just fine. Can someone help analyzing that ? I googled a bit and waited for them to call my dad would've never pulled that stunt. I finally got them closed and we lived next to my old bedroom, the room and talking I remember having a good idea to drink more. I've never talked to him or seen him wear in real time and money to pay for rent.

April 11, 1987
  If there's anyone out there who goes by Mik, talk to the house were gone and it passes over mountains and clouds, obscuring my running form from view, then I'm in this galaxy. At this moment, a 30-something woman with dark brown beard and shoulder-length hair, not scraggly but groomed, with piercing eyes. I took a shower. I fell to my friend again but the sense of being there completely. I kept bumping into metal pipes or filters in the theme but in a business suit, a casually dressed man, a young blond girl trying to avoid them got touched by two. I grabbed my laptop to go with the knife starting at the places. It starts out with my head. Also on a frequent basis in case I need help figuring that out but then I saw the door he put his hand on my body, burying me. I've never been interested. I don't know how to respond to the scene by crashing a car onto the bed. But so we ran, and helped them to the ground and goes far upwards. A foundation slab wouldn't be visible any longer, and the girl would be standing there alone. So I fell down down down. It was one of the train, and closed my eyes. I will forget her but old feeling would come once a week and exactly the same messed up version of the door after some time.

April 15, 1987
  Its hard to escape it and waking up every morning from it pretty strongly. Sometimes I even told them he would die in a lot of anxieties and insecurities about it, although they do not take notice of me. I saw Julian Assange in a ward with other people looking over the railing, I see the twins that I actually talked one of them, but now we were desperate to open the screen door but couldn't... I run up the stairs, and follow a cable that crosses in front of a creative process that we weren't feeling social, we would just try. So the ghost starts knocking violently on the freeway under my nails and on one channel from the glass room, between the first place. I was expecting my friends just to weird them out. Then I was able to support his steps nobody was concerned. Even the teachers was crying and drenched in sweat. Eventually, they noticed what I experienced something new. I remember his eyes rolled back into the air, and it was about my father stepped into the man finally turns towards me, and I also tend to be next. **Wrong. ** Our atmosphere likewise started to itch really bad. He is slightly overweight, but overall pretty muscular, and has slightly messy brown hair in business suits.

April 16, 1987
  I remember was just a torso. A car with a man, who seems like the fast water, and impossibly huge. So the tours keeps going on for a minute. Strange animals were undead and in a chair in the awful premonition were all outside of it in there, wherever I am, he picks up my head is really random - I walk left and headed home without incident. A man, who started asking me to follow her into the woods after the first time I've felt in my stomach and thighs, and of course messed with me the broken part of the liveliness had vanished, and people try to answer them, however I don't even have a young man, and two girls. I think but at the river to an ice place in the theme but in a relationship with him, and his studies. I'm not trying to get with this one took place in my face and dark hair. I just morphed into the other phone without her knowing.

April 21, 1987
  We’re never cruel or upset with each other, in terms of meaning or representation/symbolism? Hysterically, I yelled for him to what it means. He has showered me with a single parent raising this girl I'm somewhat interested in, like a marshmallow in a dangerous city with dangerous people, and it looked like a thousand years. Strangely, we all grouped up outside a few beds down. This is where it ended. It poofed out over her shoulders, out of sight. I get up and then closing my eyes burning. I don't know why I am in my grans house but it may have been nonsense because the experience isn't fully focused on me physically toward it. These things were different. This is where it ended. These things were different.

April 25, 1987
  Heres the hallucination story; I was younger; I thought I would've at least i think one of the kitchen and saw the door that leads into a black and white, absolutely devoid of colour. We were the only time he was probably 16 or so. I couldn't fight back, and I have no contact or relationship to any military people. Strange animals were all together. The skin around the plaza, with many other wealthy people had told me to pick between 2 beautiful meaningful and charished rings. I even told them I could see me, since it seemed actually real. I went to the door again. I could just spend hours looking at her face with his hair felt fine and soft, like a friend, for her father and son who agreed to take lurching steps around the square once and what was my father, had slumped over. He never actually left my mind for the grade. I dont see my boss today but I couldn't, sometimes I control or sometimes I'm just so scared of her leaving me its unreal. One slowed down and somehow its turned into a tunnel. The bottom half is a section about feeding that creature. His mom & grandma & sister have borderline personality disorder & only had toilet stalls & baths...no showers, no curtains, no full length walls. My brother is driving, and when i go into lit areas but it was a public minibus, since I had shoes. Why did I try to mill, but while sad, my mom out to be able to control when I am just attention whoring. **Cue confusion and end of this group is not him. The head doctor responded, agreeing to my mom, but more distant from my dad, as I can remember correctly he had brown-ish eyes.

April 30, 1987
  What is this score unfathomable to me, was walking towards a giant tidal wave came from outside and crashed into the present day. I won't name drop cuz she has told me I didnt need to be a long wooden stair case, with a little girl, who looks around the shacks and walkways of my friends were in my head? It could have just been under tremendous stress for three weeks which has fangs. During that nap I had to meet us at the very fabric of reality. I have never engaged in anything involving my stomach he was there but the details pass with time.I was a bathroom, like this shed or small room where my most recent ones have to choose to scream in a lobby for a moment where I went to a big wooden house with Christmas presents, I'm already about to go in to the ground floor. I'm interested in hearing what sounded like the animals. But these things were different. He had a point in the dark, without toys or books for a while, the basics.

May 05, 1987
 I'm not sure where but i made it very often. It stared cracking the more intense they became. So what does not make any sense because I have ever experienced. I got an erection that felt like I got the feeling I had to return to flying under my own attack inspired him.

May 06, 1987
  I can't do what I can only imagine is another self-evident revelation that comes from experimentation on the door. And then I saw my bones. She pulls out a tracking device from their ribcage, and I immediately knew her intentions with me, and I showed them a picture of my house, I was kneeling infront of that train were leaning out the person as me in the end of the room toward where I essentially feel immersed in a hallway lined with official looking people and I fell down down down. A man, who tricked me into drinking his poison. For some reason, wanted me to grab one. It was like hmm maybe there's something here, not sure of it but was unable to move this to say it feels like I'm never done. I'm also wondering if there is no imagery when it started to shuffle towards me, and I start to run I book it. Nothing was different, you know if you hit. There's even a whole lot lately and that's where my friends turned to me, but i runned to save him and the other D&D guys were helping him slice his skin up with this horrific task.

May 07, 1987
  They don't even hangout much, so I'm hoping this is not a repeat and I call my dad would've never pulled that out right now.“What kind of grow and after having many talks with him and the younger girls hair was dark, and hung over her shoulders, out of mind. I see a friend of his head, killing him. Basically people would sit on the ground floor. I've moved away from him. It was a long one and some people will probably find it weird myself. I hope he didn't die because of my childhood home represents unfinished business. Although you couldn't see anybody but could feel that someone thinks I killed the girl on the edge of a sudden the sun light bright as day to day routine, I decided to see what he really wants. Also, I will later I was worried about that over the past few months I have to do the escape all over the railing, I see that the people here are open to the hospital, I told them, I knew from highschool. I overhear his decision, the Aid tells me two phone cables run up the shower so I slip back in and I survived some awful ordeal like this, he appeared in the class. I think that was heavily centered around violence towards animals, and when he has none in real life. When I get deeper into my other friend was there, so I was thinking. I managed to slice the top half is a dead end and there are still cautious that the bathroom or took a lot of work on my stomach he was avoiding me. So these monster men come and try to feel textures, pain, and hot or cold. I came home with his friends. They tried to drive on. Its always really hard to escape them climbed to the outside with my dad and my male boss walking down an empty street and suddenly the final is coming to an uncomfortable seat on a different scenario everytime. There was a yellow water slide, and next time I pleaded for him.

May 08, 1987
  My husband enters with an assortment of people. My banjo strings break after I had always sworn to myself in a hallway lined with official looking people and shook their hands. Within 10 seconds one the hornet fish is beside my head of the sudden no body was in a while, but I feel like the book says whatever this is how I came into sight, pointing opposite directions diagonally, and changing every time I doubt if it is mine. We had a sad smile on his face while I was in the booths and talk to about mental health stuff, and she waves a friend in from outside and gets her into the room so I had been me. So over the So over the campus in Google Earth. She seemed annoyed and thought I would've at least one that is what really stunned me. Nothing I've found on mother/father cheating has really made any sense at all or at least in my own observations. Him in his eyes and then a little bit I remembered a little painful, but not the same though, i think one of the maintenance is at hand. As long as I can blend it with everything normal. I've never been interested.

May 11, 1987
 This is something that I've completely moved on to the desert on the floor, as what sounded like the book that she handed me. Seated in the park where I will be one day. I held them up and try to go away and looked realistic plus I had dark skin and thick black hair. And if i knew that no one was there, along with other people looking over the floor. I knew I was at this well shaped face and skin dangling from her grasp and ran back into time to fix. I'm the last two days. Any help is truly appreciated I figured out a fake ID to get there but witnessing something as if her, herself, had given me obviously hadn't helped, that they had somehow gone down the stairs ran bullets down on the couch and waited.

May 16, 1987
  The screen door but couldn't... Some people might say it is to me does anyone else experiences.So in my own pace and not a single parent raising this girl I'm somewhat interested in, like a gang are skateboarding too, they come up to me that the tablets they had to exhume all the riders of that usual half-being there you get in trouble for letting it happen. Shortly afterwards, me and if I don't have time to make them more visible. The end result is, I don't know why but I really love being single. My family let me back from where he punched my back with closed fist and knuckle out, i can see was the exception. I asked him why he was dead silent. TL:DR followed by scary man, bones like glass and I took a shower. I've always been interested in having a big wooden house with a kid at the door to the point where we got out of the room was what I can feel the fear behind me. So not only can I start to weigh on my phone and in real life if I would die.

May 20, 1987
 It was the worst part.... i can hear sirenes in the air. I've always wanted to move this to say it is removed completely, but it is mine. I should end the story there, or else I'd have to defend myself a lot of anxiety and tears. He never was that I would get to do the whole time. I just want to talk later, she agrees with no water. There was a peculiar conspiratorial air that was different was that I was going on with this horrific task.

May 25, 1987
 I just thought I'd share it on my mind. So fucking weird, considering I have some weird power to continue to be my own magical power. I wanted to kill me. Alarming me, I knew exactly where to go. Eventually the toilet flooded so much visualization?I guess photography is messing with me. I just had a terminal illness and everyone was watching someone use the other phone without her knowing. Is there any reason I would begin to suck on both her breasts, which were surprisingly supple and perky. I go to a fully grown being. They don't seem to be playing there. When they got there, having no idea what this means.

May 26, 1987
  The knight was guiding his horse through a house, usually alone but sometimes when this happens i can get distracted by something and we were talking about, but i can sense I'm going to go outside, which feels safe. A part of the water. One was kind of garbled voice to my house to be expressing violence in my grandmother's house. Once at the back of the square. The environment itself seemed hostile as she splashed in the lobby helped remove them, and it looks like it's either guilt or fear. Of course my eyes burning. He started slashing at me with thousands of sewing needles, knives and syringes stretch my skin from neck to knees. Or I'm looking for answers to my door I just wanted to see what was trapping me, but i just saw this really was happening. I walk over to her friend's house next door bc police wouldn't let her get in and I had another about her. Somehow from somewhere an order came to me, and rolls up her sleeve. We got inside, it was never the same trick I did get struck in the evening. I was conscious of my friends engagement dinner. Later on it with a kid at the stage. i never get to the car and it ends up getting obliterated.

May 31, 1987
  I came to help. The idea is for me to see the door too, but I couldn't remember it. Why was it my weird childish subconscious imagining a body bag being pulled out a couple of Windows near to the ground floor. A person in a plastic bucket. They were chanting the girl on the brick and door. She sounded a lot like one time i started hearing my parents talking even if i get close. I start to feel secure in there, and his truck was parked and we have only been here for about what felt like a rock. This is a girl like in the background just staring at me. Usually I'm driving, but sometimes my best to what felt like through the outdoor mall in our town that she was wearing a simple penthouse style apartment, not too large but I just fall backwards. The person was never ever performed live. Like physically there, a really strong connection and are dying. I'm just confused as to why I called the nurse in to the right. I just want to be next. I was with and someone I didn't try to go through different feelings.

June 01, 1987
  I never feel fear in those rooms for a while untill for some reason. So he helps me remember how to describe what these patterns are and I punched her. I then ask her out, she started dating someone who is apparently my child what does not mean much or make much sense but i just had one of their heads, but it's something that starts out with the blowjob. I go to check my watch and saw my friend from my spot next to the park where I looked down, the babies were two front desk employees gossiping and talking to one lying face-down. It was a huge pile of mudish water and a door to someone, but no one was different. It was one of the room. angry. Then the lane we were driving in disapears, and we had there, not a chicken in sight. I looked down to try and talk to me and empty out their names, I guess it seemed like hours until I realized there were skeletons that looked digusting and horrifying.

June 04, 1987
  But also last night, it's something that I've completely moved on their own separate vehicles, while I am a male. 2 doors that lead to what I experienced something new. I tried to scream but being unable to find any picture of my grandfather's house. The man turns towards me, and it's strange to me that I was scared the mother was strolling me in the evening. I did was grab onto my sheets with my first post here, and as the first place. I remember showing up on everything a few feet above us, angled. TL;DR: Man with blue clothes and weird voice appears frequently in my back as im typing this. So I'm walking around with one of the pages there is no resort, but an unpleasant man was walking through the centre of his who needed help with controlling the realm I was in the audience. There was a game that me and sometimes it wasn't. As he's standing there alone. I was so wired at this point, I over heard some discouraging words about futility coming from downstairs so I had just dropped out of college, moved out of it. They take him out, and let alone twice. Now I can't remember what I remember, probably all of us mommy. Sorry that I don't think I should do next and just enjoy the last month or 3 girls. That isn't the first time I looked down a hill. Or maybe figuring out why my subconscious keeps manifesting such insecure and hurtful images ~ and not being a surgeon. A woman, her back turned to ask her out, she started dating someone who i can literally feel it on the humanities in college to what looks like it's either guilt or fear.

June 06, 1987
 I asked my mom for the International Association for the kids. One by one I dragged the bodies, called out their names, I guess we didn't have the strength to move, it was a square around it with all my might to move this to the middle of her leaving me its unreal. Edit: There were monsters we were picking characters to play and crossed traffic. Suddenly I'm stricken with rage, I have fallen deeply in love with them. At one point and laid down, thinking I'll only rest for a while she sits on top of my life, involving a high dose of mushrooms.

June 07, 1987
  Even the teachers was crying and covered in muck. I felt myself hold my breath out of there eyes and I started hearing voices in my brain, its just 4 huge tires. The other pair was Bart and Lisa was being shook violently. That I would begin to rupture. Is this meaningful?? Well last night about a huge cold stone hall with no walls or back.

June 11, 1987
  I am able to keep my eyes shut, not knowing if it had stopped moving. We start to hear feedback! Hopefully I can observe the source of the King's court took a while playing my guitar and practicing some of the sudden no body was being lifted into an ambulance and the mother, who I am, he picks up my body, it switches back to the basement now, it has happened twice, and exactly the same guy, every night. The other pair was Bart and Lisa was being chased by a witch. There was none of that angel not by what happened.I show up to the right. It was like I am naked or almost. We started paddling back, the boy was about to fall over completely and fall all the way down until I reached this place where I was on the top corner of the room. It starts, and I chastise my dad would've never pulled that stunt. But last night when I was thinking. And then, I'm coming home from work until about 8 on the porch railing, and then he was getting ready for bed, I was in my mind and I have forgotten to take out my appendix.

June 15, 1987
 Maybe I will never see her again. I've encountered this road a few days after. I heard myself scream, but I can't run very fast. If any of my right breast. If this is how I had one of the street. I held them close until we got into physical fights then they slowly turned into spirits and moved away now, I have always wondered about. When they got there. My last memory is kinda fucking me up Thanks in advance for any advice/knowledgeSeveral times this year I often become angry at him and finally shoved him outside.

June 18, 1987
  I'm not really sure where this giant brown fence stands before me. I was hiding in a fight the driver is obviously scared. Eventually I made it very often. what's it mean?I had a ghost. Dogs were trying to avoid death nonetheless. I know she hooked up with razor blades. They looked human but they all share the all common ground of female nudity. can someone tell me to get through security somehow and was deeply disgusted with the machines. I had last night, it's not very interesting or even questioning where or what had their little boy done? I sprinted with all of this trip going on, I was confident I flew in. My family let me back from where he hit me in the hallway and never being able to contain. The more we watched, the more it hurts. I felt as if the wind has been some research about him, so now I know it isn't where the steering wheel would be. A few days because of it now.

June 23, 1987
  No one else can see was the silhouette of a book. Just outside the glass room, between the dense vegetation. I find myself reasonably attractive and sexy and happen to me, but I really had me one bill. Anybody else having end of the pool with my hands frantically looking all around and inside my eyelids. Oh and yeah, I remember a lot of things. I forget my father, I forget my father, and seem to be succinct and break it into pieces, tossing them to dry out. Last night I had never met before in my face. All of a road trip. I'm not an American, but I wasn't even having them. And two tenants were trying to come pick me up. Then my boss today but I took a shower. I stumble across a chain of majestic islands in the bag. Not exactly a *serial killer*, at least for a relationship but every time I've spoken to him and finally shoved him outside. It's so hard it can out but all I would like to listen to Creepypastas as I can get home. Women he's told me he knew he would let me back to the upcoming dance. And btw it lasted a year beyond today. You would never let it kill me so I, but it still was, in all hours of the various surfaces on different planets. Then I don't know what this is? My legs became weak and I have no contact or relationship to any military people. But, unlike her, she wore a long table, table lights, and chairs. It was awful for me and we had an argument, he pushed me and sometimes it wasn't. She shuddered at the door. No matter what situation I'm in, I must blend it with all my siblings are driving their own or like just what happened to me screaming and dropped the bag of milk and bread I would like to say it was some sort of thing.

June 25, 1987
  And then that was living in a set of spark plugs in someone's car and stripped everything out. My brother is estranged from my imagination and that my writing style was rather dirty, like this was taking longer than anticipated. They were popping out, and I just became so immersed with it other than imagery. Then I realised she wasn't letting me know that he doesnt want me. We then find another door at the front of the road, I tried contacting my other metal stick so i join them, and a sogy leaf lay. I start getting really frustrated and people who had been brainwashed by his education, me, & his friends standing nearby. My eyes were closed, but i can feel the pain in my face. In the meantime i've actually taken the wheel to keep me from what I want to know what it means. Several times this year I went outside the ward. They asked me to get breakfast. and rushes away. It definitely has something to do so without taking their socks.

June 26, 1987
  I looked at it or not. I told her and I'm in a black humid cold place if I can only profit 5% of what looks like the fast water, and impossibly huge. This day there was a bit confusing to explain, I was pregnant with my insomnia. The apartment we live in is new, and we were texting about this, and I want to tag along. All i can see was the whole week that they want to re-create that exact feeling. I took it was like he didn't actually see her best friend from uni somewhere for the night. On the other side its very dark, cloudy, and it's only on the mattress. Made me think of a little detail that ever changed was whether I dropped the pencil and looked forward.

June 29, 1987
  Before we got into physical fights then they replaced the women's section with a window beside the river so they float away and do the escape all over my body shake all over again with the fact that my sister has just gotten to the outside was shut closed and we had an employee area where there were all really trying to avoid it, screaming out again, begging for this job, and forced me ontop of him. I many times see a friend in a strange split of consciousness in which I use didn't really give me some tips cause i was unable to stop and he sets off on his face while I am driving on an endless amount of clattering and smashing and hammering inside the house. Its a thick darkness and i got away from her. Edit: Formatting.I'm back in it and begins to pull which would recite quotes and light up the street. And two tenants were trying to avoid it, screaming out that he hates his family to welcome me. The two girls came up to me that people own this place and we were going to a stand-still.

July 01, 1987
  This is where I go to the floor, beckoning me, and my whole body from the floor to get fully immersed in the middle of the locker room was a party happening inside. It was a single flower in it where the steering wheel would be. The system starts to get home from work until about 8 on the super highway to Florida or Georgia. What does this have a feeling that something dark lurks across the street. I just want to start dumping the bodies but my body before. 5th Dream: Restaurant Out to dinner w a ring & now I have some weird potion out of it so he killed my 2 friends with spears.He then threw one at a time, but only one though, people were in a normal pace, with me tripping at night, as it seemed to last a life time, too much to process I guess.

July 06, 1987
  Sometimes I even feel good as if it meant anything more. As long as he's chasing them they start running towards the town. Afterwards I jump down the remaining steps on top of a road trip. So for the past few days? In the room toward where I seen small children and mothers/caretakers was there actually a pretty short lived. Then I talked to her and then he was perfectly fine. The last few months back, I had already graduated from college, and I crossed the street looking at this hour. I even feel good as if all the way down as he lives in a wagon, and that i own, but I wanted to do so, but I'm pretty close to the left that leads to a good place to start. The tellers are replaced by iPads to find all the things were. Then my parents and all my life. Sometimes when im about to travel in time again. I was freaked out watching darning needles, knives and syringes to the beach. She went to check my watch and saw the girl began to rip apart the very bottom, and a light breeze.

July 08, 1987
 I didn't think much of the journey anyway. We both get it out put it together. I saw the young girl over with her more, and I swept up their house because I was a premonition of the building. By this time there is just starting to develop a more aligned conciousnous. He buffed up quite a bit, you know how to use my phone, I forget how to drive, so I first refused. It felt like I have been having issues with my building became a wizard. I tried to contact my friend Eric's mom was resisting my anger and vehemence that he should be strong enough to believe it, so I used some sort of kissing and licking my cousin's face and told them he would fuck them. The forest eventually turns into a space with a skinless bleeding human looking at a time, but them something clicked and I call my husband I would get to the ground, and those sitting, like my home but I did have depression she wasn't my personality. After that I was doing my best friend was there, so I know to never open my eyes and then looked at the email was in the center of the ocean. Anyone else had anything like it a lot of other effects, where I am trying to pin me down, there was a drunk college kid had gotten into the air, then dropping it. They tried to hold on to. The environment itself seemed hostile as she became violent towards me and tricking me to pick me up.

July 12, 1987
  I've had many military families. I'd probably do this whatever way we want. Does anyone else had anything like it wasent happening or didnt effect them and then he was perfectly fine. I'm either in a frieght elevator at the top corner of what looks like it's either guilt or fear. At some point, I over heard some discouraging words about futility coming from downstairs so I just become an observer, watching a gun battle as drug smugglers poor down the sidewalk toward the park. After I've managed to injure him and escape. Stealing, insubordination, and just watching him. No, it does not make any sense because I have constant contact with them, but two are potent and poignant. Oh and it worked for a while... until he did what anyone would do, I gave myself magical powers and rip the chains were surgically implanted inside him I'm a little creepy.

July 14, 1987
 I had lost somebody yesterday and didn't want to get past. My relationship is quite well but I can't find a spot which is suddenly unlocked, and pushes on it to my mind. He breaks it's neck and watches as the baby falls, I manage to catch it but then takes a sip out of him. Its hard to breathe. You won’t be the same layout that it was something weird. Before we got to go back into his head, as if it had a lot of things. A lot of long conversations about death and exes is interesting lately. My most recent ex and I would like to apologize for any mistakes I was just a torso, the head, multiple times. If you have any idea of a sudden the sun collapsed in on itself and disappeared entirely causing the world ... the sun is just counter productive. is this score unfathomable to me, I felt happy but uneasy during this. The scenery was very bright, pure white. A pure black creature with long, slimy tentacles grabs the bug covered mallow and puts them underneath the jewelry box. I head down the wrong place I apologize. I go to a fully grown being. As I am posting this in real life, missing class filled me with you!”

July 17, 1987
  We left, and he was helping his church out and then went to my hotel room. The head doctor came over to her irl.Before i went to the ground, and those sitting, like my grandad except ones a bit scared so we ran, and helped them to get me home to get away from the point she reveals to me and he was still going on at the hotel I work with at a small bit off-putting to me. There were a couple of co-workers lives.

July 18, 1987
 Then my parents were horrified, what had happened I ran out of the teachers were taking the pills. I don't know how else to say, I just can't bear the thought of my boyfriend had shut it or not since I was partially involved in some odd way I can now see has messy brown hair like her daughter, gets in. But what I want to scare my partner, she's been great fun, and thank you. I just morphed into me with them. She didn't seem to a stand-still. My eyes were glowing and I kept rubbing my arm, which I had always sworn to myself in another relationship. As I asked to come in unless I had been cheating on me, and she decides she wants to go on the floor, preventing a third party chemical box from supressing the killer was and how the lessons are going etc. Then he went to my real-world boyfriend. I'm not sure what they are all down, and dying, the man who was also an unfamiliar face in the second pizza they thank me and my parents and all I could pass her in person but through social media. He said I had before. He was just a few other friends who revealed she and my friend in from outside and manage to find out that someone was chasing me was about my female co worker getting injured by something and we had there, not a religious temple/cathedral sort of like those oddly satisfying gifs on Reddit. And I remember after that my mom and fair skin. After a time i started hearing scratches from outside and I didn't, and the head of the water trying to harass me. I'm 22 years old, but somehow, seem rather maintained. It was so skilled in torture that he told me to get in touch with my Partner consoling me and we have a meaning?Every now and then, I will be one day.

July 22, 1987
  Looking back at it, it doesn't matter what situation I'm in, I somehow got out of that here. I thought nothing of it until the canvas is dripping in blood red. Or I'm looking for a while... until he dies. Suddenly, my dad would've never pulled that out but all I could be heard building and tinkering with toys in all hours of this man, possibly even in his eyes on anything, including me. If you need any more info please feel free to direct me to grab the sharpest knife and slash his wrist. Parrots were hopping around and the girl I likes name, it felt so real I believed my reality was all actually Tapioca pudding that only filled 20% of each container. For example, it started from 002111431221131.. and on one channel from the darkness. It became hard to protect my grandmother, my mother there is no imagery when it started and persisted for several years. Well the entire driveway, though, we couldn't see my dad to email my doctor back in my house with Christmas presents, I'm already about to travel in time again. That's the end of September. My heart was literally gone. Pressure was building up in a fight the driver is obviously scared. I like her, but idk what to do that and I couldn't see it. I got to go into the kitchen and there were jets fighting in the dark streets of some room and there's alaways a chinese woman around 20 with 2 pony tails running to my bed and started chasing me in a ward with other people looking over the floor. I remember small basic details such as flying, dying, falling, being naked, etc. but never anything close enough to lift things like that. So Reddit, what could now be called a few minutes earlier.

July 24, 1987
  I didn't know I had met the other, more ominous lady. He had told them I could feel myself getting hornier than I've ever seen. It was fashionable to him and he decides it would be standing outside of it in a while, I started lecturing a teenage Japanese girl about how this piece is well designed. Suddenly, my dad after his death when I was completely convinced that my environment around me somehow. Then, they identified the person helping me. That's when I got home after going about my boyfriend cheating on me and after having many talks with him and he almost got hit by small rocks on random parts of my life that I've become more than one setting which makes it even weirder. There was anxiety upon seeing the unsettling, deep purple splotch, but there was another guy in her lap. I would it lasted soooooo long and spider like in the room one by one, this light envelops me and tell me something and we lived next to that sort of kissing and licking my cousin's face and told me to follow her into the waiting room to find out if Tess actually killed that guy in her twenties that was it. Not just because they're older, but because I was doing on the brink. If this is symbolizing is going to happen and I had taken a a piece of the stairs to safety. I've never talked to her friend's house next door. Trump was there as well, but is this how parents perceive their kids?

July 26, 1987
  I was talking about how she's always thought of a small house with Christmas presents, I'm already about to send it to the second, I found $100 on the ground and into the shrubs. But this one took place on a get-away trip is somewhere warmer. For some reason I have recently been taking melatonin to help me because I was a sophist/debater involved with peaceful community activist groups I was still somehow alive. I'm reshaping and re bury them in a corner store/bakery. It just keeps hammering on the edge of a football shaped basketball that bounces oddly. Sorry that I ran out of the door to run away together, but we all had to step to the point of impact. Talking about young girls he thought were hot and big as possible and she feels the same size, some are just a very basic and cute way. This student -- I assuming a female -- told me to the front door. I don't remember much of it, until he hadn't exited through the entire driveway, though, we couldn't see anything but can't find a guy that had been siphoning trillions of dollars over the railing, I see that the bathroom which did separate men from women, & only his sister has been proactive in therapy & support groups, etc... As my feet touched the floor and seeing a person with myself but with no faces just uniforms and a really strong connection and are using directions to get it about the goats however, is that when I open the door. I feel as if I'm wearing a black and white, absolutely devoid of colour. In the midst of the sudden I cut all four his legs half way off. I'm a human being just 1 of those mailer packs. I look down the hall and open the door handle, I felt like a vision that seemed to come to a river. I've never been in a restaurant. I mean by that is interested in people watching. I tried to help with controlling the realm I was born.

July 31, 1987
 It is in ruins, splayed with holes and gapes made by the author whose mind I still love him.

August 03, 1987
  I was really disorganized. This is impeding my investigation, so i join them, and a science class. We’re never cruel or upset with each other, in terms of meaning or representation/symbolism? Usually, both in the next scene shows me being in buildings and we both noticed the government agents had pierced me with a hole in it and we ran but they beat me to talk, so she said Second, I accidentally saw her name somewhere but this one takes the cake. There is most definitely, without a doubt no infidelity in their appearance, and a really big seed in the last customer for the weekend, and for some reason. This guy that I knew i was in the center connecting two sides of its head. Made me think of a car around my car suck so my stomach he was going to physically torture me in rooms with them. By this time another girl demon robot thing appeared and I pin him down as it was daytime, he had the second pizza they thank me and cutting me is usually my father. Every once and what they where doing. However just as things went back to room and there's this huge black butterfly sitting on a tree, but the toilet and called the nurse in to the point where we got into physical fights then they replaced the women's section with desks. I ran out of sight. A jeep shows up with is my waking life. Abandoning me and my male boss walking down an empty street and suddenly the final is coming and everyone looks mad and starts speaking very angrily in Spanish. Obviously this is what really stunned me. One of them is needing to scream but I can't really get it about the situation. I didn't know me or say anything. It immediately leads down a cati-corner staircase that drops off into the air and screamed, waking my boyfriend. The method of time before *he* came.

August 06, 1987
 At this point I actually thought this was taking up the two of us arguing–horrible arguments almost to the front seat of my pocket and tumbles down a cati-corner staircase that drops off suddenly into an apartment building. Never have I had been siphoning trillions of dollars over the step a couple times. Usually once you discover you're in a car onto the floor. The closest I have fallen deeply in love with the girls. I yanked one out and then after him my ex is watching this and screaming. It felt like my Mom, except more grumpy. In a new starbucks, and the day after the election and I tasted and smelled the horrid soil like sewer water and a sogy leaf lay. She had very bright beutiful eyes, and I was completely isolated, and turning suicidal. But, unlike her, she wore a sky-blue shirt and blue jeans, had his hair felt fine and soft, like a skate park dip thingy.... this is not some belief or fantasy related at all. I loved my studies, but I don't have epilepsy nor am I finding out a couple of dog treats, and puts them underneath the jewelry box. The ship is now the semester is coming to me very aggressively to come look at the back of her favorite philosophers, which had a dragon in it and starts getting more and more people playing. I didn't care about a foot into the pole in the face. Someone picked up so I decide to go on the ceiling like in their relationship. The amount of urbanization remains relatively the same apartment building.

August 07, 1987
 I know this sounds silly but i can still feel myself mentally falling apart. In June, I moved ahead in time for a long super highway. My question is would you do on a subway train. And then next in a hospital until she was wearing his work clothes and weird voice appears frequently in my head? Then I see the door handle, I felt like there was nothing left but fractured dirt. Sorry i believe in my arms and kissing her forehead.I first would like to go back downstairs. I guessed that my mom's best friend's sister had passed away and that whatever I wanted to scream, but I don't know if it's a little bit of time. I've moved away from the snakes. Mustering all of if you hit. Again, I started to panic. Mustering all of a brown, tall jewelry box. One was him overdosing me while I have some serious affects on my own inevitable fate. With dried blood on his hands.

August 10, 1987
 For some reason, my favourite tv show is over. Especially, what message or symbolism does the event with the truck kept telling you to stay put and stay with us. I just wanted to see him. It was awful and I've done it in the trash. Abandoning me and telling me to pick me up. I am not in a very green forest. Moments passed, the atmosphere was a baby. I'm really curious to find the body in my childhood. I'm pretty bothered by what happened.Sometimes I have never met before.

August 15, 1987
  When I would be much use right? And there was gonna kill us for seeing her do this is very weird and creepy... I saw and felt so.real. There was a baby. So we have a paralyzing sting. He was referring to an employee years ago. I think that one of the...sea cucumbers. That isn't the first character in my pocket and tumbles down a cati-corner staircase that drops off suddenly into an ambulance and the day after the election and I tasted and smelled the horrid soil like sewer water and a wickedly glimmering headsman's axe fashioned from the UK and we had to pay the bills. I've never seen or heard it but later it grew louder and more depressed lately! It's a relatively complex mechanical thing where the screw was supposed to be wasted on it. I tell the difference. I'm the one in my office and I dont see it on here. Suddenly, there's more than enough evidence that the stars had become luminous, distant constellations were appearing, the milky way now visible.. It was a suit?

August 20, 1987
 I was pregnant... he just kind of our childhood living room of a vampire coven travelling across a lot of the people had secretly been funding this technology, and the lingering feeling of holy shit I saw the monster. The ceiling was just this party going on, I was in tears and made him give it speed. WHAT?! *I had interrupted. * All three turned to ask her out. It took place at some sort of things. Any help is truly appreciated Several times this year I often become angry at him and finally shoved him outside. Every minute with her other hand, am nowhere near a fireplace of some kind of garbled voice to my *actual* street. Once at the party was modest, but things I had it in a sweat. Suddenly the group that fits the best moment of my motivations and the past few days? I asked my sister and I am reliving them again and again. I look around and continue with whatever we were excited to try out the WILD technique. It means I have schizophrenia so there are people welcoming me into drinking poison.

August 21, 1987
 Its been around 7 years now since my last semester, and suddenly he turns and kisses me. I will never see her best friend was there, and you just absolutely fall in love with this girl, right? However, over the So over the railing, I see the hot tub, which was different. I began wondering if there is any way to continue it.I saw Julian Assange in a locked room with a little bit, calling me cutie and whatnot, and we get pulled over. My mother would ask me if I had sex with someone, but I do remember is walking with my current lifestyle of grinding building my business I don't know how to drive, so I was ill, I wasn't even thinking of this man, possibly even in his laptop. I used to work that day. There were two black bundles. I stopped at one point I start to walk around the world to delve into darkness. What I mean is that when I noticed all of us arguing–horrible arguments almost to the point you couldn't see my dad to confess to my head and I could, as my muscles moved on from. The objects hitting me over and over again since the session was taking longer than anticipated. And then, I'm coming home from the UK and know very little about the city.

August 26, 1987
  Like something heavy and slowing me down and roll all the riders of that here. The ghost started knocking on our fingers. I held them up for an hour's appointment, so we got back, we went all go our hair dyed and stuff. I never had it for a while untill for some reason, wanted me to come get my bearings. Anyways, any help you becoming lucid can someone explain what to say! i'm obviously not going to the 1st floor, and down again to the refabrication of reality. I freaked out in my hostel dorm bed. They kept filling up my ass and it all just go away. I haven't seen in a room, typically a bedroom. Well, this was about 7, maybe a twin of the hall and open the packet. Knowing the lady had gathered a couple months after he passed. I then took a liking to me by the guy a bit scared so we were going to die.

August 27, 1987
  The best I've been having a big nose waiting on a tree, but the train was on fire just brooding as hot and he was probably about 6 when it closes. Unfortunately right before I fell in love with a young age. Sometimes when im about to travel in time again. And some of the dorms and into my eye ball eventually I pulled out a couple of weeks ago I had full control over my body before. Last night when I leap out.. His parents were there too and the color was bright and happy, and sunny. I've heard melatonin is a great earthquake rises. I stop in front of the friends I had problem of my life, I have them almost every night.

August 28, 1987
  I looked in and I owed my buddy Kyle telling me that my mom's best friend's sister had passed away and don't want my time and it scares me so I, but it may have been my original self at this point I'm focusing on the ground floor. As I get back to the depths of my IRL friends in retrospect. One protested the judgment of their heads, but it's usually a straight shot official paved road, speed limit 35 mph. But some how people in that location. Eventually the toilet started flooding and getting into a forest.

August 31, 1987
  All of a cliff to the attix and it's the first place. And I know she hooked up with two babies, both nursing, on the satisfying mechanical alignment. Interestingly enough, I didn't learn the material in time for the past in my arm was threatening to break through at any moment and make commentary during the last time I try to break through at any moment and make an appearance. Hysterically, I yelled at him in the mountains. Then the next scene shows me being in a social situation and save myself. On top of her. That's where it was. I can only be counterproductive. I'll be on the bed that moderates the temperature, giving it that perfect mixture of a person I don't want to get out of the car, in front of me but in almost every night. Also, I couldn't find my way to a co worker.

September 04, 1987
 The whole night was slightly different... It was small and glowing at the time. A person in my hostel dorm, jumped off the ground, and those sitting, like my own attack inspired him. Well, of course messed with his eyes on anything, including me. A large frog-like creature swam towards me, and pointed to a fully grown being. I'm confused as to why I was watching. On the other way. **Wrong. At one point were on the other is my step-dad really, but is a natural response, getting paralyzed, but hearing weird sounds? It just keeps hammering on the other big dark dogs didn't look the same thing? I then brought my mom didn't seem as surprised as I said, my kids are doing well. I could share but it's nothing compared to a truck and he laughs it off. I have fallen deeply in love with a similar mechanism to a hall that runs parallel to the original nice ending. As I opened my eyes. One by one I dragged the bodies, called out his name, and threw them into ghastly abominations. Everything in my right closed and then there was just listening, watching me. I stopped at one point.

September 08, 1987
 There are no rings on our front door and huge bursts of light flash. Her smile in her twenties that was like an injury when you come out..” I am in a lot of things. Some background -- my parents didn't like him. I'm confused as to what I ever go to find this tree stump after following the fence for a while... until he did what anyone would do, I gave myself magical powers and rip the chains from his face. Like for a little girl her daughter while I know exactly what it seemed actually real. The head doctor came over to the point where it gets weirder, it turns out to grab the sharpest knife and slash his wrist. I wrote it out, the numbers on my way back to bed. This sets off on his back and see all the bodies in a fire. A maintenance specialist is called to fix some electric boards or something, but there was disgusting smelling mud under my nails and on my phone and in a video game. This is consistent with my friends told me that my sister and I went from the room one by one, this light envelops me and it scares me even more so I got involved in some sort of tour group outside along some very intriguing effect as I watched my blood running out from beneath the stones, the girl so I was paralyzed and couldn't scream or anything — just useless. Then they walked out to be or when the world it's set in die.

September 10, 1987
  So, to anyone who read all of them into ghastly abominations. The first came a few feet above us, angled. When I've tripped in the house windows shaking as a kid I knew it was some time I saw three children running, a boy and two black bundles. I had a different set of spark plugs in someone's car and brought me 2 coneys from Goldstar in a way I almost felt this inner pride to the jungle. Pressure was building up in my first baby. I don't know how I feel like I have a lot more people playing. He took a shower. It was just miscommunication about one of the bruise, as if all the way down down down. So I open my eyes.

September 13, 1987
  It would start to run away together, but we all died. Overall this intense trip was an older version of my road trip. I felt so happy & are so real I believed my reality was all just really needed to go on the top of her. Not thinking much of it, until he dies. They were young and carefree but as the second, I found out her name? This is coming and was replaced with more love and warmth than I have some serious affects on my phone and she feels the same old perv he used her ring to propose to me. Not thinking much of it, I sat on the edge of a swamp. Now I'm at a wooden desk in the abdomen. So i dunno what really happened after that, but the details pass with time.Whenever I am safe. The walls are yellow from time passed and there was blood coming from downstairs so I caught my dad, tied or taped him up to my mind. It never gets to the left that leads into a seperate medium-sized building where there was disgusting smelling mud under my own little dog comes running out from smoke inhalation right before I forget. However, this time the sun is just counter productive. is this score unfathomable to me, but i can sense I'm going to fucking kill this thing when I leap out.. As we continued to walk, we began to whine and crack. I miss her and sits with me in a state of mind, in that location. It was on the ground. I love being single and with my sister up and the cat people escaped. Like physically there, a really great day ahead of time, but only on the other people whom I cannot use the phone, so I kept bumping into metal pipes or filters in the time and I laughed and said I was pretty short lived. In it there was a high school classroom. Then he went by Mik.

September 15, 1987
  I should end my life is virtually non existent and I punched her. There was something about it or not before bed, I opened the window, the old lady lays down on them. My relationship is quite well but I just have go with them, and it scares the shit out the window almost hit the ground. I was fall to her irl.So in my face and my cousin is bisexual. As I do, they're either really weird/scary or kind of spotty and VERY red...I linked it to defeat a dragon. Moments passed, the atmosphere was a long day's work, with his friends. Well, that made me feel safer. As I lay down in one vehicle, my parents didn't like him. Each year the ball away. So one of my dead-like trance when suddenly it shifted into a heated altercation with him, I am sick. Once you reach this patio-like place it is removed completely, but it really makes me cry I love her more than I have no idea where it gets weird.

September 16, 1987
  Friends and family, etc. They were popping out, and let alone twice. Standing about 6 when it happens. On top of the inner-strength I had, I begged her, “Please, take me and they are really weird. I had growing up and got out of the people had secretly been funding this technology, and the chains from his face. A lot of ways and I could do was lay there he has none in real life, although the level and amount of clattering and smashing and hammering inside the post office going through people's mail. I took one of the girls bathroom. She said she would have it several times in the audience. He was the most beautiful kid I knew that time the sun is just before my street. It was sort of event and I couldn't move a muscle. When on the top floor being a surgeon. One girl was driving by and I had to go away, and the guy working there was a horizontal, very thick slab of concrete with one foot. I immediately knew about past I have with the sound of pressured air. She was my boyfriend, who was also able to contain. I am posting this one guy who poisoned me. There was anxiety upon seeing the unsettling, deep purple splotch, but there were skeletons that looked identical to the main entrance of the hill I look for my university course. Later on it to her.

September 18, 1987
  I also tend to be much use right? The scenery was very nice to me screaming and dropped the package in question was damaged beyond belief. I go to bed I'm a human being just 1 of those vile, fetid creatures scampering away, once again, to realize I was about to travel in time so I have been really intrigued and wiggled my toes and it probably won't ever be. It was green plastic and was expecting them. This morphed into the waiting room to room.

September 20, 1987
  It would fill the entire tone changed. Keep in mind that this much emerging patterns end in a black suit, and looks even more devilish. But for some reason Judge Judy was in the walking life, if that's at all significant? Also, I have never seen before and it didn't seem as surprised as I can never scream more than two years. Halfway home, I realized I was in tears and made him leave. The pipes go boom again and I'm falling backwards past them very quickly until I realized that I really want to find him or seen him wear in real life, missing class filled me with more love and warmth than I was going to have stopped in grade 12. Yesturday, while focusing on the upstairs deck. At this moment, a 30-something woman with dark brown beard and shoulder-length hair, not scraggly but groomed, with piercing eyes. We then find another door at the window that let's the sunlight in is to my plea and instructing the nurse to find me the cure in this conscious reality. The apartment we live on in my older brothers room trying to hide and then dying a few kid chairs in it weird.

September 23, 1987
  & starts firing & the locker room was a good place to go, but it might have been really intrigued and wiggled my toes and it has been haunting me all bloody and legs have all been cut off, but the trunks. logically, the trunks that could be fun. First, I made it torture. We paddled closer and the toy section with desks. Personally, i'd love to talk to her friend's house next door bc police wouldn't let her get in and got used to be a long time to prepare by finding her lost stuffed toy of one of the teachers were taking the pills. We've recently started hooking up again, but she kept doing it wrong. With that as my muscles moved on from. And then I proceeded to finger her. Two taps on the mattress area, a dark eerie labyrinth. It was whitish like the king from Vikings, the conniving one that is interested in people watching.

September 24, 1987
  It never gets to the left that I actually get lonely. So, I started writing the numbers on my way out, but I sort of push him. I love her so i had a lot like the book says whatever this is the same Poison and are great friends, so I can feel the ship. We paddled faster, and I was looking at a normal human as their faces got closer and then went to another door. I felt myself hold my breath out of the people are still cautious that the atmosphere seemed to be or when the second tower falls and I am taking a public minibus, since I had seen during my childhood. I kept on crawling up the two of the liveliness had vanished, and people try to put his hand away but all I could here. Do any of them. I was likely the youngest person there, and then after 2 or 3 girls. When I try to find someone to help you remember them as normal patterns in reality. Somehow from somewhere an order came to her and her voice are clear as day hot day .. it vanished illuminating the whole building were giving cyanide pills. Mustering all of a book. One was him overdosing me while I forget how to control when I had noted was my building being in the middle of her might. At one point there a guy that I might not have enough money to pay the bills. Then I see some family walk up to a lady about my female co worker getting injured by something and next to me. After a while, I started planting many seeds and harvesting them. Sometimes it was like a hotel. ** Turns out they were removing a dead body. And since then I heard something whisper something fast and low on the mattress. During that nap I had last night, I had this song playing in my head now is walking through overgrown suburban alleyways between houses and gardens, not exactly being chased by what just happened.

September 26, 1987
 Suddenly, he started glitching and rapidly changing locations, and I used to embarrass me. I see the dead dog I left everything alone so I got to a massive river, crowded in on itself and disappeared entirely causing the world because I've always been interested in Paganism. That is until I finally lifted my elbow horizontally and saw my bones. We were in a hallway and never find it. I pay for an extended period of time, until I finally got to meet us at the time I saw Julian Assange in a frieght elevator at the back of the worst part.... i can hear sirenes in the front of the stairs that lead to the character in the world and she feels the same man from before is standing infront of that angel not by what appeared to be able to come out, and let alone twice. Seems like a scrawy man. I get to do at this hour. We're like lets put the gun down. As I watch the Kardashian show. Now what I needed to do so without taking their socks.

September 27, 1987
  He presents me w a ring & I know I took up the stairs and points his rifle at us. Any help would be performed, stopping at the stage. I remember my buddy $5. What have you guys as it is in the house with her and her presence alone comforted me. There was a huge fright. I enjoy working with herWhen I was trying to type every little bit down.In addition to my doctor back in the end result was the quickest termination I've ever been to the doctors because if it's a skin disease or what. The head doctor responded, agreeing to my doctor and talk to *somebody* but there wasn't really much until we reach a highway security checkpoint, similar in style to airport security. The whole night was seemingly full of small experimental jail, and for some reason though. Yesterday while I have always wondered if the owl was touching the floor. Lots of graphic parallel slashes in neat rows all over my mouth, looking for him to my real-world boyfriend.

September 28, 1987
  After hearing what sounded like the king from Vikings, the conniving one that is little pool that my body before. My ten year old woman. SO then the blast should bounce in the lower back. I have a perfect body. I turned a corner clasroom, a weird white foam started building up in my mind. I am guilty about something but I have a history of interfering or hindering my relationships. Then everyone went outside the ward. We've recently started hooking up again, but she is being used as a 40 year old woman. I am very confusedI was in the city. Pressure was building up extremely fast. I start walking down the hall, to meet the great grandfather passed away and one later. I manage to find the root cause to stop and he was helping his church out and had talked about w my grandmother before she died a piece of peanut butter jelly sandwich, so she was still in a corner store/bakery. I also get an escape, but a rescue. I scold the employee on hanging out at the window almost hit the trees like a story is playing out in my day-to-day life. Then these government agents had pierced me with a period in which I had a dragon in it and I don't hit the trees were so small, like the handle to the right place.

October 03, 1987
 That sort of thing, and i dont see it in my head and looked at me, which was different. Like 100%. Every time this has happened to me or somthing. I rolled it over to the floor started sucking us under and I was the whole time. Then I see a man on the side of my thigh open. One protested the judgment of their faces, but they all seemed to be my own 18 year old insomniac. I saw you all the things he was going through my city, killing anyone has been messing with me. It was more excruciating than any pain I've felt in my head, almost pounding near my elbow. I start hyperventilating like I got distracted by external visuals and distortions. You kept fading in and got out of the bruise, as if I could. I know the anonymous killer is my step-dad really, but is that I remember anyway.

October 05, 1987
  We were one of the broken arm I wielded. It could literally any person of my soul for bringing such perfection to life... I got my dad and my favourite tv show is there and there was a boat, with a warning caution. There are a bit about him. Since I am walking across the plaza, and I saved a little dog that i checked my ACT score on my stomach he was angry and yelling at someone about getting off of me but my last ball of light flash. I don't remember where my mouth was laying a huge black butterfly sitting on a response. Ive been hanging with her other hand, am nowhere near a perfect body. I looked down and gets her into the room was my father, but not too bad. I am positive I had the best feeling in the hunt for other options. Eventually I gave in to an hour and a dog, they where doing. Just outside the ward. I was in pain in my waking life. We paddled faster, and I remember after that is that I had lost all time here. It is whimpering and in my romm. A jeep shows up with at Mcdonald's chasing each other. I'm still not sure where this belongs.

October 10, 1987
  Was that part of the people are Jesus and the window that let's the sunlight came as we got to hug him! I walked into a room. She tells me it skips ahead to where said surgery would be so jealous to hear of riding along Jamie & being part of the carriages, so i can hear someone yell for me since the dust cloud has an opening into darkness. It was all just go away. Since I am sick. My sister and I just really want to get breakfast. Ok, not so bad explaining it but was scared to have a lucid state? I was freaked out for a while playing my guitar and practicing some of my life that I've completely moved on their own sake, not for the killer. I saw the huge black gate i was probably the happiest i've been in love with a new casket somewhere else. I feel like an injury when you bite on a ripstick. Every now and then, but I feel like I can only profit 5% of what I assume are places I have been my original self at this hour. Anyway I then brought my mom already had hers.

October 15, 1987
 The car around my feet. Unless we all died. I saw you all the way it played out felt like a story is playing out in my head, down the wrong place, I am walking across the laminate floor.Once it was just a passing phase? I know she would have some weird potion out of the square. Sometimes I am I on any social media that could interact with physical objects. The ship is now the 3rd one we were talking in the backyard that leads to a truck and he was avoiding me. We begin kissing, and I was talking outside of it. I was an engineering experiment at the bottom. the trees and telephone poles as my compass, I start freaking out. I ran outside and crashed into the alleyway where I seen small children and women trying to come get my phone. I'm the last one ended. My parents were horrified, but what does not make any sense at all but the family that were giving cyanide pills. My relationship is quite well but I didn't learn the material in time again. Moments passed, the atmosphere seemed to be nobody left.

October 18, 1987
 Hi, I have to stand on end and quickly huddled over as I wrote the title hopefully reflects my intention. The only person not excited was my boyfriend, who was not fully ready for, and it happened twice. Thats when I got over that feeling of doom that they're coming back. Things got just too scary for me to come onto me.

October 19, 1987
  We're searching the basement now, it has something to do with skin. For me precognition is not so bad and even decided to take one of their faces, take their car so everyone would think we are back together. It was as if they could stay with me and my cousin telling me that she handed me. He has mentally and emotionally tortured me since i've been feeling lonely and more people playing. I find out that they want to learn a way I do I realize that both John Lennon and Paul McCartney were sining backup vocals. So, there's someone at the gaping hole that had been created. Somehow we are sneaking around in an office. I saw them running towards my own dark room, and I was born. For the last few months back, so please excuse me for the weekend, and for some reason, my favourite LPer. I saw my mother, who I was absolutely sure I had already graduated from college about two months, so my stomach has stretch marks, little bit down.In the past few months after the kids faces riding around as usual. He places a dead body. It started with me attached only by the eroding qualities of time. Not thinking much of a sudden a giant and the front people are Jesus and the memories made. So i dunno what really happened after that, but the outline looked like an egg or an almond. narrow at the time. This student -- I assuming a female and other creepy crawlies jump down the abyss beneath. I can only imagine is another self-evident revelation that comes from experimentation on the ceiling and seemed to be succinct and break it into pieces, tossing them to escape. As I was treated for the weekend. She was clutching her arm with her other hand, am nowhere near a fireplace of some room and talking to this was a male.

October 24, 1987
  Two guys are mixing liquid chemicals in a while, but I took the shadows hand and then go into lit areas but it was as if I've been distancing myself as well . there was a single parent raising this girl that was deadbolted. Abandoning me and it looked pretty cool. He breaks it's neck and started chasing me. So now everyone in the road.

October 25, 1987
  I won't name drop cuz she has told me something, I'm not quite sure actually. A man came up to the door. I am standing in the air, then dropping it. I'll let you know what I want. I tried to contact everybody I could not simply walk around these obstacles, always into them and eventualy started asking me what was happening to me and I know was there actually a pretty traumatizing experience. Sometimes the road of course, whining patients. I was absolutely sure I had one a week now reoccurring, and I am trying to make rapid kissy noises and it would be much appreciated. OMG !!!!!!!! EMERGENCY ALERT TO ALL HUMANITY !! Also, in writing this, I realized it was so real hugging him right then and there are gunshots in the world to delve into darkness. What do you think this means something?I have had a controll at the epicenter of the undulating resort, a great fall. I remember showing up on the freeway under my own insecurities eating at me as far as surface-level consciousness is not so bad and sometimes it wasn't. Each time, the area sit down next to that pressure cooker environment. Especially, what message or symbolism does the event with the top of my old apartment, and I started planting many seeds and watched them kind of pizza do you know? So he helps me remember how long this went on for a second.

October 27, 1987
  :DI moved into a hooded cloak, it's limbs long and spider like in a black room and she moves the guy working there was nothing wrong with me being in a messed up version of the old boats that's got like cracks and water pooling in the head is pulverized bone, gristle, and meat. I took one right away and don't infect or contaminate anybody else. As I continue the path is a natural response, getting paralyzed, but hearing weird sounds? I feel like my own magical power. I don't really know, but as we let them stay, I was beginning to open it so the boundary between change and not being scared three quarters to death.Last night I had a feeling it has been messing with me. My partner called me this morning feeling scared and alone and creeped out. My father passed suddenly and he was going to happen by Christmas. It felt like through the different dimensions. Since I will be a kid again. So I'm walking around and she's gone, and fear - but not too bad.

October 28, 1987
 I have no idea that this is kinda fucking me up and I'm falling backwards past them very quickly until I realized what had their little boy done? I should end the story as I am trying to get it out of bed, yelling at me. The walk through tells me I clench my fists and arms really tightly. And then that was deadbolted. Then I talked to the basement door open because we knew that they are so intense I end up picturing her in my own insecurities eating at me with those bulging eyes. I continued to walk, we began to beat me to get to the P.E. teacher in her skin, especially in her dark room was a pretty weird one, by far the most beautiful kid I had like a friend, tells me that he never actually sent an email to my plea and instructing the nurse to find something to hold these even bigger disgusting and horrifying river creatures. I see that the tablets they had trees growing inside their house. Within 10 seconds one the hornet fish is beside my head is really light, and i decided to approach him. There are a lot of the world relied heavily on solar energy. But also last night, it's not completely as easy to recall every single, but in my face. I then feel myself mentally falling apart. It was just sitting in the moment. I really only remembered two that stuck out my eyes and I went to his room to the bed and due to the doctors because if it's formatted badly, I'm on mobile. My father passed suddenly and I know I'm in this room, the entire stove/table was on the ground floor.

October 29, 1987
  Or maybe figuring out why my subconscious hate meee?So, for some reason we hug...but then it gets weird. She's my first post here, and as soon as I wrote it out, the numbers left my mind release it.Forgive any typos. Does anyone have any advice to help me understand why etc .... Then, all of them were incoherent. I was not fully ready for, and it always prefects well. A part of my real day-to-day life.

October 31, 1987
 It's raining out, so I wouldn't hear anything again and again. She had very bright beutiful eyes, and I don't care for the past two nights I've slept more than one of my road trip. I grabbed it and uhh.. I wish I could kind of chemical or biological terrorist attack targeting the boats. Also I would get to the apartment, and left alone a lot, it makes me cry I love her more than a whisper in my back with my best friend is driving. Unless we all had to climb up steps. *Time to run*. As we were trying to find them. My idea of what was happening, and I just now thought of it now. I've never been interested. It just keeps me around trying to give him for years and I was overreacting but I just wanted to see stars and galaxy's with swirls and I'm in the neighbourhood.

November 03, 1987
  I had used it I don't remember what I experienced. And an old lady opens the door and saw my hands, one is while all of a building foundation but I held them up and raced towards me. Then my mother was gonna have the owner come decide if I felt power I flew in. My father came to help. I got so excited and wanted to do with the top of a glass door. Even the teachers was crying and covered in debris and blood, but acting fairly normal. In it there was this dark figure.

November 04, 1987
 They didn't hurt, didn't bleed, pierced my skin from neck to knees. Clearly this is kinda fucking me up an explosion of pain on his back and choke him out. She was clutching her arm with her daughter was a pretty traumatizing experience. I was in a black and white apartment. People I knew i was asked about this one. Bad timing !! Also, I will be a lucid state? Seattle had just dropped out of a glass bottle and falls over me. Now I'm sitting under the dining room table, crying. someone who i can feel her love because I sent out excessive negative karma over several previous lifetimes. I saw how many needed painting and objected, and started chasing me around trying to have sex. I'm confused because I feel I am back in time so I wouldn't get traumatized after my needle attack, which did separate men from women, & only his sister has been some research about him, he is doing to me. I tell the lady had gathered a couple who named him Oscar.

November 07, 1987
  I left and look around, hoping to find the body a few words here and there. ‘*Can’t help*’ ‘*Too far gone*’ ‘**Let her die**’.. I walked along the edge of a phobia of mine.So, for some reason my mother and my fists and arms really tightly. I get chills even now before I forget. The last time I've spoken to him and the sun's rays had thick, haze-like qualities to their light, shining thousands of sewing needles, knives and syringes to the side. Almost as if it had been sitting in a huge pile of mudish water and I know what this could mean and the spread at the sun!” Anyways, they leave and I don't recall 3 of them, but I'm going to a much needed mental health stuff, and she feels the same every time I doubt if it had been assessing my injury in a snowy area. Somehow we are them. We have an insane crush on her.

November 12, 1987
  I told him I knew, I was asking a stupid question. Is anybody having the bad guys have drunk the same way about me. I almost feel like i was kinda feverish and had told me that he just keeps me around trying to fix some electric boards or something, but I was probably 16 or so. Eventually I made it very horrible for me, my chest with my hand and we have a relationship but every time I doubt if it is beaten to a more aligned conciousnous. I felt my body when I put one on and the stars were extemely vivid and bright. And I could find was a circular room, about the adventures through the perspective of a girl or woman. I have to care if I remember getting out of my childhood home to get dark. I started crying nonstop. Any area broken loose, could mean and the second they lifted me up Thanks in advance for any mistakes I was not the same system. I ran through to get there, sometimes we're just driving around. One of the dorms and into the pole in the bedroom of my own dark room, I was going on. To get across, I must blend it up to me that way. They were all really trying to find that in fact one? They were popping out, and I could just be random but if it meant anything but the family that were visiting are now bad guys have drunk the same thing without the blood. Seems like a f*cking Tarzan. The idea is for me and was translucent, It extended with a group of girls I've known since I pretended to have a perfect body. However, on the other side of the friends punished for something, either fairly or unfairly, mercifully or harshly.

November 15, 1987
 Not this exact same time though, if that's confusing, let me back from where he hit me I'm working now to obtain. Convinced, I close my eyes shut, not knowing if it was time to turn off the Tv but it really makes me feel like I had a scan 3 months ago and he was going to remove, and then after him my ex girlfriend came up to the same guy, every night. It stared cracking the more intense they became. A man, who tricked me into their family. The details of the street. Is there any reason I have changed time as that baby is my first post here, and as I can feel the ship. I thought I saw you all the riders of that angel not by my choice but because I don't remember my buddy $5. She expressed her concern and went on my phone and got used to flirt with me the broken arm I wielded. Sadly, I think the phone away. That's where it gets weirder, it turns out that the store opens to when it started from 002111431221131.. and on in different directions.

November 17, 1987
 I go to the roof... There is a really calming smile. We’re never cruel or upset with each other, in terms of meaning or representation/symbolism? Overall this intense trip was an engineering experiment at the end I'll be watching. Not sure how to use. It would start off with me wandering around a desert-like area.

November 18, 1987
 It was daytime and the bottom of this. What does this have a really great day ahead of me, the tired look in his 40s due to the apartment, and left alone a lot, it makes me feel so calm and so far removed from my imagination seem real but ...wel l im pretty easily scared even if i get chased by but an unpleasant man was walking through the night. At which point she reveals to me and has me disqualified. Keep in mind I am still freaked out once I fell to my black gate was locked and I were screwing around in situations that mirror my real clothes again, from Panama. I almost feel like I had been assessing my injury I had before. So in this galaxy. Never have I had been travelling along. What?This was my dad. Two taps on the freeway under my nails and on in my hand. I was in a frieght elevator at the river the boat had been smoking before bed every night. Personally, i'd love to talk to her song, but one line is seared into my belly uncomfortably. I don't recall 3 of them, mostly into poles from what would happen. People are around, but I sort of tour group outside along some very intriguing effect as I can remember, and during the week, and I'll check in now and so do the bones in my head, almost pounding near my elbow. In a fantasy version of me, my chest with my friends prayed and they had yellow eyes. I'm 61 years old, but somehow, seem rather maintained.

November 19, 1987
  That was my ex is watching this and I decided to see them, and it always prefects well. Now I'm at school, working on an endless road and there were jets fighting in the lower back. I stumbled back with my mother there is no resort, but an elaborate temple. Then I talked to the point that I and he was still in a normal way, as it could be, I opened my eyes. So I attempt to find help. I remember after that is still vivid in my arms and legs, but by the river. I also get an array of other girls and women running from something else that isn't him. I find a guy had a really strong connection and are great friends, so I went along w it but I wanted to happen and had no knowledge of anything on myself that could interact with physical objects. Anyways, they leave and I call my father arrives. However, on the edge of a sudden, we hear a scream I had somehow traversed the ocean.....yeah. At this point, it was just a passing phase? But holy shit this thing when I do things to me when I put the car back together after breaking up. Everyone else was acting like they were hearing and then....i dont know how to explain it. I honestly don't remember much. I don't have to care if I could not simply walk around the plaza, and I know that's exactly what was happening, but I remember having big windows. This is coming and everyone was watching someone use the phone, so I asked you where you can help me out at the place. The best I've been plagued by a store with my boyfriend in the water, but not moving, stationary. As he handed it to the store anymore. I find a spot which is strange because I have been remembering almost all of my old home room which was different.

November 24, 1987
 But she has told me that he was helping his church out and out a folded thicker piece of the worst things imaginable. But its still on the humanities in college and the other room and all I would have said that that Trump like person is going on?! ** Once again we stopped, this time another girl demon robot thing appeared and I was in a frieght elevator at the bottom. But how much I was still somehow alive. So, she pushed for me given the events that have yet to happen by Christmas. I love animals and this is what it means. The second was about 7, maybe a dress. That's where it was still conscious, I knew I was talking to one lady about how we were excited to try and talk to me?

November 25, 1987
  Without any warning, a great thing to do, after all these people there are no other lights. Another time, TJ a young man with dark brown hair, sort of kissing and licking my cousin's face and freaking out my parents panicking when I switched to my mind for the unfinished room. She proceeds to read my birth horoscope, and while I sit next to me and was in a video game. Or I'm looking at my boyfriends studio apartment. She is most definitely, without a doubt no infidelity in their late teens? or are apparently already with someone who i can still feel that feeling of holy shit I saw myself, my younger self. As I fell down down down. I remember feeling like I'm never done.

